                                                                                                       Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                               FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                                 Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




Cleopatra Hospitals Group Reports FY2022 Results
Cleopatra Hospitals Group reports record fourth quarter leading to strong 2022 performance driven by
robust growth in the Group’s key service lines and completely offsetting the loss of Covid related services
from the prior years; growth accelerating in the first nine weeks of 2023 across the Group.
      4Q2022 Financial & Operational Highlights1                                      FY2022 Financial & Operational Highlights1

              EGP   712 mn                           +31%                                   EGP   2,614 mn                            +19%
              Total Revenue                   Non Covid Revenue                               Total Revenue                    Non Covid Revenue
               (+10% y-o-y)                          Growth2                                   (+3% y-o-y)                            Growth2


              EGP   89.6 mn                    EGP   197.5 mn                               EGP   356.7mn                       EGP   709.3 mn
                                                                      3
                 Net Profit                     Adjusted EBITDA                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA3
                                                                                                 Net Profit
               (13% margin)               (flat vs. 4Q21; 28% margin                                                           (27% margin vs 30%
                                                                                               (14% margin)
                                                vs.30% in 4Q21)                                                                  margin in FY21)


                 +12%                                +15%                                         +10%                                +11%
        Outpatient Consultations                  Inpatients                           Outpatient Consultations                     Inpatients
            Volume Growth                       Volume Growth                              Volume Growth                          Volume Growth



                 +14%                           +306,190                                          +11%                         +1,092,790
           Surgical Procedures                    Cases Served    4
                                                                                           Surgical Procedures                     Cases Served4
             Volume Growth                        (+11% y-o-y)                               Volume Growth                          (+8% y-o-y)



                                                                          EGP   0.25
                                                                       Proforma LTM EPS
                                                                      (+11% vs. FY22 EPS5)

Cairo, 19th March 2023
Cleopatra Hospital Group S.A.E. (CLHO.CA on the Egyptian Exchange), Egypt’s leading private hospital group by number of
hospital beds and number of operating hospitals, reported today its consolidated results for the year ended 31 Dec. 2022.




1
    Consolidation includes: CHC, CSH, NBH, and ASH, as well as East and West Cairo Polyclinics, Queens and El Katib Hospitals, and Bedaya IVF
2
   Based on CHG internal calculations, management estimates CHG’s core business performance by excluding all Covid related revenue from its facilities across
all periods. Covid revenues include direct revenues from Queens and Katib hospitals, in addition to indirect revenues from diagnostics and consultations related to
suspected covid patients across the Group’s other assets.
3
   Adjusted EBITDA: Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization adjusted for provisions, impairments, LTIP, acquisitions expenses, pre-
operating expenses and excluding contributions from other income.
4
   Cases served includes number of inpatients, paid outpatient visits and ER visits.
5
   EPS calculation includes accumulated net income in FY22 over CLHO’s outstanding shares, while proforma EPS incorporates the effect of the approved
cancellation of c. 154mn treasury stock.


1    | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                                 FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                        FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                         Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




FY2023 Trading Update and FY2022 Performance Highlights
 For the first nine weeks of 2023, the Group generated over EGP 620mn in revenues with year-on-year growth of 24% against
  the same period in 2022. Excluding Covid related revenue, year on year growth exceeded 40% for the first 9 weeks of 2023
  driven by CHG’s key service segments - Inpatients, Outpatients, and Surgical Procedures. Management aims to continue this
  growth trajectory as they focus on streamlining key operations, fostering a culture of efficiency, and on extending the reach of
  services offered to patients across CHG’s network.
 For 4Q22, CHG achieved record quarterly results generating revenues of EGP 712mn, 10% growth against 4Q21 despite the loss
  of Covid related revenue. On a full year basis, Group revenues reached EGP 2,614mn, 3% growth vs. 2021 despite the high base
  effect of Covid related services in 2021. The Group's organic performance was the main driver of these results, with CHG’s
  adjusted revenue (excluding Covid related income) growing by a solid 19% year-on-year, predominantly driven by strong
  volume growth in the overall number of cases served by the group.
 CHG's strong focus on growing its organic business coupled with management's proactive and multi-pronged strategy at
  both its Centers of Excellence (COEs) and conventional offerings, resulted in robust performance in patients’ volume growth
  and case mix enhancements across CHG facilities. Overall number of cases served by the Group grew by 8% in FY22,
  supported by volume growth rates of 10%, 11%, and 11% in Outpatients, Inpatients, and Surgical Procedures respectively.
  On a quarterly basis, these figures saw even more impressive growth rates whereby cases served increased by 11% fuelled by
  12%, 15%, and 14% in Outpatients, Inpatients, and Surgical procedures when compared to the same period last year. These cases
  served mark the Group's highest volume of cases served on an annual and quarterly basis and are a testament to the Group's
  successful execution of its strategy, which is focused on serving a growing number of patients while gradually enhancing
  their case mix within a highly underserved market.
 Despite facing the challenge of a materially reduced Covid related services, coupled with an inflationary macro-economic
  environment and global supply chain difficulties, the Group was able to maintain its historical margins. This was achieved
  through a combination of operational efficiencies and cost avoidance strategies implemented across the Group. Notably,
  the Group's integrated supply chain and procurement teams delivered exceptional performance, allowing CHG's Medical
  Supplies to Revenue ratio to improve by 1% in FY22 compared to FY21 during a significant inflationary period. Group wide
  productivity improvements also resulted in staff costs increasing by only 7% in FY22 against core-business growth of 19% in
  the same year.
 Management’s focus on operational efficiencies allowed CHG to partially absorb pressures on its EBITDA profitability
  throughout 2022’s transformational year. EBITDA read EGP 197.5mn in 4Q22 with an associated margin of 28% compared
  to 30% in 4Q21. On a full-year basis, CHG recorded an EBITDA of EGP 709mn with an associated margin of 27% compared
  to 30% in FY21.
 Loss of Covid services, coupled with materially reduced interest income due to the treasury buyback programme and material
  increase in depreciation on the back of the company’s historic investments in medical CAPEX, led to a decline in CHG's net
  profit on a quarterly and annual basis. CHG’s Net Income during 4Q22 read EGP 90mn with a margin of 13%, 27% below
  the same period in 2021 which had a net profit margin of 19%. On a full-year basis, the Group recorded a net profit of EGP
  357mn in FY22 with a margin of 14%, compared with a margin of 16% in FY21.
 The Group's integration model framework allowed CHG to mitigate the negative effects of EGP devaluations in 2022,
  resulting in limited impact. CHG's supply chain team proactively built strategic stocks of key supplies at favourable prices
  starting in 4Q21, in an effort to shield the Group's margins from anticipated shocks. The team also secured tenders and
  established strategic partnerships with suppliers and manufacturers. Management implemented cost containment measures on
  both a Group level and within individual facilities, leading to full control over all costs including non-medical costs. This
  collective effort enabled CHG to maintain its profitability in the face of inflationary pressures, with stocks from 2022 optimizing
  2023 consumables and medical supply expenses.
 CHG's treasury share buyback program was a key capital allocation decision to return further value to the Group’s
  shareholders. The company accumulated over 9.9% of its outstanding share capital through this program. The pro-forma FY22
  EPS, which takes into account the cancellation of eligible treasury shares of 154mn shares (completed March 15, 2023),
  results in EGP 0.25 per share, or an impressive 11% accretion to the Group's shareholders. This accretive strategy is a
  testament to CHG's commitment to driving shareholder value and reflects management’s confidence in its fundamentals.



2   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                          FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                        FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                         Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




FY2022 Strategic Updates

    The Group's flagship hospitals continued to deliver strong year-over-year growth in FY22, driven by increasing volumes
     and an optimized case mix. The growth in volumes throughout the year generated top line growth that completely offset the
     high base effect on the back of Covid services. NBH for example, experienced a 7% decline in 1H22, and 9% growth in 2H22
     both against their comparative periods in 2021. Despite the outpatient department's partial closure for renovation in the first
     half of the year, management capitalized on the opportunity to further invest in the hospital's core centers of excellence as
     well as enhance its commercial payor portfolio, positioning it for the solid growth seen in the second half of 2022, building
     a strong base for a promising 2023 trajectory.

    CHG continued to make strides in its organizational optimization plan by streamlining its organizational structure. The new
     structure serves further integration of the Group’s managing directors aiming for enhancement in cross-asset referrals and
     overall utilization. Capitalizing on geographic proximity and complementary case mixes, the Group has restructured its
     management hierarchy such that NBH and CSH are now under common top management, as are AKH and ASH, and CHC
     and Sky Hospital. Haven and Bedaya Hospitals will continue to operate under single asset-focused top managements. This
     restructuring will enable the Group to better leverage its strengths, enhance collaboration, and improve operational efficiency.
     Management also optimized its commercial department’s structure enabling it for greater market access and managing the
     Group’s medical tourism initiative.

    In FY2022, CHG's polyclinics and pharma played a vital role in the company's feeder network, contributing EGP 136mn
     in revenue. This represents a growth of 21% compared to FY21 and 28% compared to 4Q21.

    CHG is making a concerted effort to grow its medical tourism and international patients activities, leveraging its high-
     quality services and highly competitive pricing when compared to other markets and medical tourism destinations. CHG has
     recently signed an agreement with Response Plus for Medical Services L.L.C. that builds on the Group’s Medical Tourism
     initiative and aims to support its facilities with Response Plus’s “Global Patient Services" (GPS) program. The program
     will refer international patients who seek medical services and provide Cleopatra group’s facilities as a high-quality
     value treatment option, while providing concierge and other related services. The Group is also making key hires with a focus
     on enhancing and growing this service line.

    CHG's management remained committed to developing their centers of excellence and promoting their one-stop-shop
     approach to healthcare services. Bedaya, the Group's fertility solutions arm, made exceptional progress and achieved a 40%
     increase in top-line growth, generating EGP 69mn, along with a 4% improvement in its GP margin and 6% improvement
     in its EBITDA margin in FY22.

    Haven Hospital has been ramping up as planned, with a focus on the transformation of the facility into a full-fledged
     tertiary hospital to bring much needed medical services to West Cairo and a leading medical tourism destination
     hospital. Haven Hospital is currently operating as a specialized state-of-the-art facility in Physiotherapy, Rehabilitation,
     and Long-Term Care and the conversion to a hospital license is in progress complementing its service offerings in line with
     its 360-degree approach of delivery by establishing Neurology, Orthopaedic and Cardiology Centers of Excellence,
     supported by a state-of-the-art Emergency Department. In addition, CHG is progressing well with Sky Hospital’s
     development, with a target soft opening of Sky Hospital later in 2023, following which the hospital will roll out its full suite
     of service offerings as they develop with an aim of full operations by year end 2024.

    To complement the referral network between the Group’s polyclinics and hospitals, CHG expanded its network beyond
     Greater Cairo to Suez. Leveraging its strong partnership with the Petroleum Sector, CHG entered into an agreement with
     Petroleum Medical Center in Suez governorate to provide quality medical care in an underserved area, improve the hospital's
     service offering, enhance its capabilities, and refer patients requiring more complex procedures to CHG facilities in Cairo.




3   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                          FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                     Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                        FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                          Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




Management Comment
During FY22, Cleopatra Hospitals Group made significant strides towards achieving its long-term strategy and generated revenues
exceeding EGP 2,614mn, driven by a robust 19% year-on-year growth in its non-Covid related business. This growth was supported
by increased inpatient, outpatient, and surgery volumes, resulting from the Group's historic investments in its Centers of Excellence
supported by its commercial strategy, which allowed for growth in cases served and case mix enhancements. Notably, RoboSurge,
CHG's innovative Robotic Unit at Al Shorouk Hospital, has disrupted the Urology market in Egypt and recorded very promising
month on month growths, serving [more than 60 cases] to-date. In addition, we invested in our diagnostic capabilities, procured top-
of-the-line medical technologies for our Centers of Excellence, and inaugurated new innovative treatment solutions such as our
novel Non-Invasive Spine Surgery specialty in partnership with leading Egyptian-German doctors. Despite the highly profitable
loss of Covid business, CHG's core non-Covid revenue streams fully offset it in FY22 and marked growth, indicating success of our
long-term strategy and signalling further growth over the coming years.
CHG is poised for a promising future, with exciting developments on the horizon. We look forward to the soft opening of Sky
Hospital towards the end of 2023, where the hospital will continue to roll out its full suite of service offerings over the following
year. When fully operational, the hospital will house several Centers of Excellence through a new-to-the market approach of
enclosed departments and Centers of Excellence, supported by the operational excellence that the Group acquired over its past eight
years of transformation and elevating quality of care in Egyptian healthcare services. Haven Hospital has been ramping up as
planned, as we transform the facility into a fully-fledged tertiary hospital by establishing a state-of-the-art emergency department
and building Centers of Excellence that complement its current specialized physiotherapy, rehabilitation, and long-term care service
offering. Haven will focus on Neurology, Orthopaedic, and Cardiology Centers of Excellence, supported by the latest diagnostic
solutions, allowing it to grow vertically and to create even higher referrals to its existing specialization in physiotherapy,
rehabilitation, and long-term care.
We have invested in expanding our network and referral footprint beyond Greater Cairo in 2022, positioning ourselves to attract
global patients from the African continent and the Middle East. We are also among the first movers to reach healthcare accreditation,
as we registered our facilities to be compliant with GAHAR (The General Authority for Health Accreditation and Regulation). We
also optimized our commercial team and created an International Business Unit that focuses on attracting international patients by
showcasing our facilities and competitive pricing in comparison to the region. We are excited about the opportunities ahead and
remain committed to enhancing our patients' experience through innovative healthcare solutions and world-class facilities that cover
our patients’ 360-degree treatment journeys. On the Egyptian market front, we partnered with one of the Petroleum Sector’s key
facilities, Petroleum Medical Center in Suez, where our service offering aims to offer access to quality healthcare to another
underserved region of Egypt in addition to the Petroleum Sector’s employees, pensioners and their families.
We made strides within our strategic growth pillars this year, expanding our business lines and driving future growth. To build on
this success, we plan to drive growth across all facilities on the back of our integrated network and enhanced digital capabilities to
create new opportunities, optimize costs, and elevate patient experience. Our employees and partners played an instrumental role in
executing our growth strategy, and we look forward to continuing to work with them to generate additional value for our patients,
stakeholders, and the wider Egyptian healthcare industry.

Dr. Ahmed Ezzeldin
Group CEO




4   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                           FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                          Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                              FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




                                          Operational and Strategy Review
     Throughout 2022, CHG continued to execute on its comprehensive growth strategy, building on the progress made earlier in the
     year. The company focused on enhancing the quality of its services, expanding its overall capacity, and increasing its referral network
     beyond Greater Cairo, all while building a more efficient and technologically enabled organization.
     CHG achieved significant progress on its strategic priorities. In line with these goals, CHG expanded its geographic footprint in West
     Cairo through an 18-year usufruct agreement for Haven Hospital in 6th of October, which currently stands as the largest operating
     facility in the group in size. On the other side of town, CHG has been reporting progress on Sky Hospital, its Brownfield project in
     East Cairo, that is expected to have a soft launch in 3Q22 in anticipation of its full operational launch by year-end 2024. The company
     also invested in its network’s geographic footprint, expanding beyond Greater Cairo for the first time to Suez Governorate, with an
     aim to attract and refer patient flow from Suez to CHG’s facilities in Cairo.

     CHG's portfolio of existing facilities have invested in creating Centers of Excellence across CHG in accordance with a 360-degree
     approach of treatment in a one-stop-shop manner. El Katib Hospital continues to ramp up under its transformation into a surgical
     Center of Excellence, while Nile Badrawi Hospital has unlocked its revenue-generating potential by inaugurating its revamped
     outpatient department. This has allowed the hospital to narrow the performance gap experienced in 1H22 and report growth in FY22
     compared to FY21, with 2023 showcasing high double-digit growth across all metrics. Cleopatra Hospital has also completed the
     renovation of two floors of its inpatient wards, enabling the hospital to accommodate complicated inpatient cases more efficiently
     and fine-tune its patient case mix. Additionally, ASH and CSH have seen strong growth throughout FY22, resulting in their
     contributions to the consolidation increasing to 20% and 17%, respectively, from 18% and 15% in FY21, generated through
     investments in capacity optimization and Center of Excellence capabilities that ultimately grew volumes and improved case mix.
     Moreover, the group has maintained its steep growth trajectory for polyclinics and pharmacy businesses and maintained the same
     positive post-Covid rebound trajectory at Bedaya, with a marked improvement in patient volumes, a rebound in foreign patient cases,
     as well as significantly enhanced profitability levels.

     Expanding the Group’s Geographic Footprint
     CHG's strategy to meet growing demand for quality healthcare services that stems from underserved regions such as New
     Cairo and 6th of October, as well as beyond Greater Cairo, has led to consistent year on year expansionary efforts to its
     geographic footprint as well as its network’s reach. To cater to this demand, the group leverages its digitalization and
     integration capabilities coupled with efficient facility onboarding and integration.
     To further expand its network’s reach, CHG recently entered into an agreement with the petroleum sector's Suez Hospital that
     aims to serve the Petroleum Sector’s patients in that area, as well as refer patients from Suez Governorate to CHG’s facilities
     in Cairo. Management also established an International Business Unit within its commercial department, aiming to refer
     international patients to its facilities in Cairo. As for full operational presence within underserved regions, the group has
     established a full operational model in East and West Cairo through more asset-light models, such as Sky and Haven hospitals,
     and intends to continue leveraging similar setups in exploration of other potential facilities that are underutilized and present
     in underserved regions, and which can integrate within CHG’s network and operate under its efficient model.




5   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                 FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                     Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                        FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                          Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



     Haven Hospital




     In line with CHG’s strategic plan to expand its geographic footprint in West Cairo, the Group has signed an 18-year usufruct
     agreement with the owners of Haven Hospital, with an option to renew at the end of the period. Under this agreement, CHG
     currently operates and consolidates the hospital's performance into its Group structure and will continue to do so throughout
     the agreed-upon period. The interior ministry will retain ownership of the facility and receive annual rental payments.
     Haven Hospital is strategically located in the highly underserved region of 6th of October City in West Cairo and currently
     operates as a physical therapy, long-term care, and rehabilitation center of excellence. CHG aims to enhance its service
     offerings and transform Haven into one of the most well-equipped general hospitals in North Africa and the Middle East, with
     unique strength in its current specialized service offerings and a center for medical tourism for the region.
     To achieve this goal, CHG plans to establish Centers of Excellence that are complementary to Haven’s current specializations
     such as cardiology, neurology, and orthopedics, leading to vertical growth within each segment and generating its own referral
     network. Management also plans on further investing in the hospital’s diagnostic capabilities to complement the hospital's
     current specialized medical equipment, further emphasizing CHG’s one-stop-shop operating model.
     As CHG continues to enhance the hospital's capabilities, management envisions Haven Hospital becoming a full-fledged
     tertiary hospital with a state-of-the-art emergency department and a complete suite of general services and specialized Centers
     of Excellence that build on its existing unique physical therapy, long-term care, and rehabilitation service offering.

     Sky Hospital & CHG’s Petroleum Partnership




     In December 2021, CHG finalized an agreement to complete, equip, and operate Sky Hospital for a 27-year period. This
     brownfield project is located in East Cairo's highly underserved Fifth Settlement area and is expected to house 240 beds. While
     the land and buildings will remain under the ownership of the Petroleum Sector, who partnered with CHG for the project's


6   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                          FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                        Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                            FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                              Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



     duration, CHG will operate and consolidate the hospital's operations and financials under a favourable revenue-sharing
     agreement.
     As Sky Hospital is geared to serve petroleum patients, as well as East Cairo’s patients in general, it is set to launch key services
     in 2023, following which the hospital will continue to roll out its other service offerings as they develop with an aim to be
     fully operational by year end 2024. Sky Hospital will be structured to host a collective of fully loaded, enveloped Centers of
     Excellence under one roof, a one-stop-shop medical powerhouse that covers patients’ entire treatment cycles. The hospital's
     comprehensive services will provide a significant benefit to patients in the area, and the Centers of Excellence will ensure
     high-quality care across all specializations.
     This agreement allows CHG to expand its presence in East Cairo's highly underserved Fifth Settlement area and further solidify
     its relationship with the petroleum sector in Egypt. CHG has consistently been expanding its commercial business with the
     petroleum sector since its inception, and on the back of this agreement’s success, management recently signed a 15-year
     agreement with the Fund for Housing and Social Services of the Petroleum Sector to renovate, expand and manage essential
     medical units in the Petroleum Medical Center located in Suez Governorate. This agreement strengthens CHG's strategic
     relationship with one of its key payors, the Petroleum Sector, which provides healthcare coverage to more than a million
     patients that includes employees, retirees, and their families.

     Cleopatra Hospitals Group's Strategic Initiatives to Grow Medical Tourism

     Medical tourism has been a key component of CHG's growth agenda, as it allows the Group to showcase its advanced medical
     technology and expertise to a global audience ensuring its alignment to global standards. By attracting patients from around
     the region, CHG aims to leverage its reputation and invest in the latest medical technology and patient care that will grow its
     patient base beyond Egypt.

     To ensure that CHG’s focus on quality care is recognized by the relevant accreditation bodies, CHG registered its hospitals
     for GAHAR accreditation in 2022. This certification process evaluates the quality and safety of healthcare facilities, assessing
     compliance with established standards for patient care, management, and operations. GAHAR accreditation demonstrates
     CHG's commitment to quality and patient safety, as well as its compliance with established standards.
     CHG also established an International Business Unit to dedicate resources and market access for the project within its
     Commercial Business department. This unit aims to showcase the Group's accredited facilities that offer quality services in
     line with global standards and attract international patients by virtue of the Group’s qulity healthcare solutions and world-class
     facilities that are offered at very attractive price points in comparison to regional players.

                                            The Group’s Strategic Development Pillars

     CHG's management takes a strategic and proactive approach to developing the Egyptian healthcare sector and enhancing the
     quality of healthcare services provided. To achieve this, the Group is expanding its business lines and improving its service
     offerings to cover the entire treatment journey of patients. The Group aims to drive future growth by investing in its platforms,
     expanding its capabilities and capacities, and promoting innovative growth while adhering to a quality-driven model. This
     includes constantly evolving operational standards and leveraging digitalization to provide high-quality, sustainable, and
     standardized services. Management also recognizes the importance of its human capital, CHG's management prioritizes
     organizational health to support all its efforts and remain the preferred employer in the industry. The Group's commitment to
     these pillars ensures that it delivers on its promise of market differentiation, expanding bed capacity and medical capabilities
     to position CHG at the forefront of the industry.
     Moreover, CHG understands the significance of investing in medical technologies and medical centers of excellence in
     improving the quality of healthcare and patient outcomes. This allows the Group to offer cutting-edge specialized treatments,
     attract and retain highly skilled healthcare professionals, and advance the overall level of healthcare in Egypt. By investing in
     these technologies and centers of excellence, healthcare providers can provide their patients with access to the latest
     advancements in medical care, resulting in better health outcomes and improved quality of life.




7   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                              FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                     Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                         FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                           Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




     Technological and Centres of Excellence (CoE) Updates




     Robotic Surgery (RoboSurge)
     In 2022, CHG introduced the Group’s first robotic surgical unit, branded as RoboSurge, as the first in a private hospital group
     in Egypt. This advanced technology represents a major step forward in the performance of complex surgeries and is expected
     to further advance the development of urology treatment in Egypt. Since RoboSurge’s inception, the robotic unit has
     successfully conducted procedures in 2022 at month-on-month CAGR of over 15%, with projections of steep growth in 2023.
     The technology has been particularly effective in complicated or advanced cases involving Urology, Obstetrics, and
     Gynecology that need to be conducted with minimal invasions.
     CHG's investment in cutting-edge medical technologies like RoboSurge is a clear demonstration of its commitment to
     providing the best possible care to its patients. By leveraging the latest advancements in medical technology, CHG is enhancing
     the quality of care it provides, with a focus on improving patient outcome, ultimately helping to establish Egypt as a leader in
     the region's healthcare sector.

     Oncology Centers of Excellence
     The rollout of this project has begun at Cleopatra Hospital, with the necessary space and infrastructure being designated at
     Cairo Specialized and Nile Badrawi Hospitals as phases 2 and 3 of the project, respectively. The Oncology Center of
     Excellence will comprise three types of clinics, each catering to a specific stage of the oncology patient's detection and
     treatment journey. Diagnostic Clinics will be responsible for identifying and diagnosing cancer, while Therapeutic Clinics will
     provide a range of treatment options, including chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and surgery. Complementary Clinics will
     provide supportive care, including pain management, nutrition, and psychological support, to help patients manage the physical
     and emotional challenges of cancer.
     The establishment of the Oncology Center of Excellence will enable oncology patients to undergo their entire treatment cycles
     across the Group's facilities seamlessly, with access to the latest technologies and treatments, and the expertise of highly
     qualified multidisciplinary medical professionals.

     Nephrology Centers of Excellence
     CHG's management has concluded an agreement with one of the top Nephrology practices in the nation, marking a significant
     expansion of the Group's service offering for kidney treatments. The agreement enables CHG to introduce dialysis services
     across all of its hospitals, as well as re-introduce renal transplantation, providing patients with access to state-of-the-art
     treatments and technologies. The introduction of these services will also allow CHG to establish Nephrology Centers of
     Excellence (COEs) across all Cleopatra Hospitals, ensuring patients receive a full suite of haemodialysis services, outpatient

8   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                           FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                      Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                          FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                           Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



     services, biological infusion services, and paediatric renal transplantations. In keeping with the Group's one-stop-shop model,
     the Nephrology COEs will provide comprehensive care to patients, covering the entire patient journey from diagnosis to
     aftercare. This expansion within this service offering will undoubtedly help meet the growing demand for kidney treatments
     in Egypt.

     Bedaya for Fertility Solutions
     Bedaya's exceptional performance in 2022 is a testament to its success in integrating with CHG's network and leveraging the
     Group's resources to drive growth. With 4Q22 revenues of EGP 18mn, growing 20% against 4Q21, Bedaya achieved a record
     high top line of EGP 69mn in FY22, representing an impressive 40% growth compared to FY21.
     Bedaya also saw a significant improvement in its profitability in FY22, with the gross profit margin increasing by 4 percentage
     points to 43% compared to FY21. In addition, Bedaya's EBITDA margin improved to 22%, marking a 6-percentage point
     increase from the previous year. This growth can be attributed to two key factors. First, an increase in Bedaya's cases, which
     saw IVF cycles grow by 7% in FY22, driven by growth in the business's feeder segments in addition to a growth in the
     business’s other segments whereby outpatients grew by 22%, and laboratory and radiology tests conducted increased by 12%
     and 61%, respectively.
     Moreover, Bedaya's success extends beyond financial performance. The venture continues to invest in its diagnostic
     capabilities, further growing its referral potential and making strides in providing high-quality and comprehensive fertility
     services to its patients. By leveraging CHG's resources and expertise, Bedaya has been able to offer a full suite of fertility
     services, including IVF cycles, eggs freezing, and andrology services to name a few. This not only enhances the patient
     experience but also positions Bedaya as a leading player in the fertility market.


     Polyclinics and Pharmacy (CHG for Medical Services & CHG Pharma)
     The Group's two polyclinics have been strategically positioned in underserved suburban regions of Cairo to provide quality
     healthcare services to patients from newly developed regions that lack access to quality healthcare services. During FY22, the
     polyclinics generated EGP 88mn in revenue, an 18% growth compared to the previous year. This remarkable performance is
     attributed to a 23% increase in cases served during FY22. The polyclinics' profitability also witnessed a significant boost with
     gross profit and EBITDA margins surpassing 20%.
     Due to their unique service offerings, the polyclinics play a crucial role in the Group's strategy to ramp up its centres of
     excellence within each hospital. Moreover, they are expected to facilitate faster ramp-up of Sky and Haven hospitals due to
     their established presence in close proximity to both hospitals. The Group's management is exploring new polyclinic models
     that can be located adjacent to the Group's flagship hospitals, similar to Al Sherouk Hospital's latest polyclinic model.
     In addition, CHG Pharma, which complements the polyclinics and IVF offerings, generated EGP 48mn in revenue during
     FY22, representing a 28% YoY growth. Clinisys is expected to accelerate this segment’s growth in 2023 by virtue of an
     initiative that aims to consolidate patient records under one system, allowing better tracking of patients' full treatment cycles
     and cross-selling pharmacy services, particularly to chronic patients.

     Furthermore, CHG's outpatient pharmacy services, comprising all outpatient pharmacies across the CHG network, reported a
     19% YoY growth in FY22, contributing 5% to the consolidated revenue for the period. The sustained growth reported by the
     Group's polyclinics and CHG Pharma aligns with the Group's vision of creating a 360-degree platform that generates solid
     growth across its diagnostics, pharmacy, and polyclinics businesses to complement its conventional hospital offerings.




9   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                            FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                                        Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                                FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                                  Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




                                                     Financial Review
                                                    Revenue
                                                    In a strategic effort to bolster the Group's core business and position it for growth following
                                                    the pandemic, CHG achieved its highest ever quarterly revenue of EGP 712mn in Q4 2022,
                                                    resulting in a total of EGP 2,614mn for FY22. These results represent a 10% increase on a
                                                    quarterly basis and a 3% increase on a full-year basis. As business returns to pre-pandemic
                                                    growth levels, management leveraged the Group’s power of integration and maturity of its
                                                    HIS/ERP system to monitor patients throughout their entire journey within CHG facilities,
                                                    enabling them to accurately measure Covid's direct and indirect impacts on the company. By
                                                    separating Covid-related revenue from CHG's operations, highlighting the Group’s core
                                                    business2, the company achieved an impressive 19% growth in consolidated top-line revenues
                                                    year-to-date and 31% on a quarterly basis. This showcases the Group's consolidation
                                                    capabilities and balanced organic growth, effectively compensating for the anticipated decline
                                                    in Covid-related business well in advance.

                                                    To further assess CHG's revenue performance in 2022 in comparison to 2021, it is important
                                                    to consider the impact of Covid, both directly via CHG's designated Covid hospitals and
                                                    indirectly across the rest of its facilities considering diagnostics and consultations conducted
                                                    on suspected patients. It was apparent that the Group's strength in its core business allowed
                                                    for a swift transition from the pandemic, driven by the number of cases served, which includes
                                                    outpatients, inpatients, and emergency patients throughout the period. CHG's solid
                                                    performance is reflected in the record quarterly number of cases served of 306k in 4Q22 and
                                                    an annual record high of 1,092k cases in FY22, demonstrating 11% and 8% y-o-y growth,
                                                    respectively. On closer inspection, CHG's Outpatient volumes displayed impressive growth
                                                    rates of 12% in 4Q22 and 10% in FY22. This growth was complemented by an increase in
                                                    surgical procedures of 14% in 4Q22 and 11% during FY2022, which lead to a rise of 15% in
                                                    inpatient volumes during 4Q22 and 11% in FY22. These results reaffirm the strength of
                                                    CHG's organic healthcare services, underscoring the Group's progress towards exceeding pre-
                                                    pandemic patient volume trends and at steeper trajectories.

                                                    Consolidated Revenues – in EGP Mn

                                                                                                                                                 712.2
                                                      Q4                                                                                648.7
                                                                                                                                    610.6
                                                                                                                        511.1
    \
                                                                                                                                         660.5
                                                      Q3                                                                             623.8
                                                                                                                          535.9
                                                                                                                  462

                                                                                                                                   604.8
                                                      Q2                                                                               643.6
                                                                                                340.2
                                                                                                         409.1

                                                                                                                                      636.9
                                                      Q1                                                                              633.2
                                                                                                                     502.9
                                                                                                            416
                                                            2022      2021      2020     2019




2
  Based on CHG internal calculations that estimate CHG’s core business performance by excluding all Covid related revenue from its facilities across all periods.
Covid revenues include direct revenues from Queens and Katib hospitals, in addition to indirect revenues from diagnostics and consultations related to suspected
covid patients across the Group’s other assets.


10 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                                  FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                 Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                   FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                      Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



                                      Cases Served – Consolidated Volumes
        Number of Surgical
           Procedures                                                                                           306,190
         (Rev/Procedure)               Q4                                                               276,694
                      EGP 14,195                                                                       271,074
       EGP 13,300                                                                                          287,133

                                                                                                       278,628
                                       Q3                                                        253,860
          33,680




                          37,552




                                                                                              239,148
                                                                                                   260,095

                                                                                                247,388
       FY 2021          FY 2022        Q2                                                      243,051
                                                                       145,355
                                                                                            230,669
           Number of Paid                                                                          260,584
            Consultations              Q1                                                    237,232
                                                                                               246,995
             (Rev/Visit)                                                                     235,087
        EGP 348         EGP 350             2022    2021    2020    2019


                                      Revenue Breakdown by Segment
                                      In FY22, CHG's inpatient services and surgeries were the primary drivers of the Group's top
                                      line, accounting for 20% and 21% of the revenue, respectively. However, post-covid, the
          764,296




                          843,643




                                      inpatients segment experienced a decline of 16% YoY in revenues, given higher average
                                      revenue per patient and longer lengths of stay associated with Covid treatment. Excluding
                                      impact of Covid, inpatient revenues grew impressively at an estimated 24% against FY21 and
       FY 2021          FY 2022       34% against 4Q21. On the other hand, surgical revenues increased by 16% in FY22 on the
                                      back of an 11% rise in surgical procedures across the Group, coupled with 7% growth in its
                                      Average Revenue per Procedure (ARP).
      Number of Inpatients
        (Rev/Inpatient)               Outpatients and Emergency patients are essential components of CHG's patient base as they
                                      play a critical role in fuelling the growth of the Group's Inpatients and Surgical Procedures.
                        EGP 9,702
                                      Outpatients and Emergency revenues contributed 11% and 4%, respectively, and increased
      EGP 12,855                      by 12% and 13% in FY22. Excluding Covid revenues from both segments, Outpatients and
                                      Emergency revenues grew by 14% and 27%, respectively, during the same period. In terms
                          55,188
          49,885




                                      of volumes, outpatients increased by 10% in FY22, reflecting the Group's ability to attract
                                      and retain more patients. On the other hand, the number of Emergency patients declined by
                                      1%, almost entirely offsetting the Covid-related cases with organic emergency cases.
                                      The Group’s diagnostics business lines, laboratories and radiology, both contributed 18% to
       FY 2021          FY 2022       CHG’s consolidated revenues in FY22, with laboratory revenues growing 1% and radiology
                                      revenues declining by 5% during the year. The diagnostics segments experienced a strong
        Number of ER Visits           high base effect in 2021 considering the year’s Covid business coupled with its related
                                      protocols as well as indirect Covid contribution across the Group. Excluding total Covid
           (Rev/visit)
                                      impact and comparing organic business growth, Laboratory revenues are estimated to have
                                      grown by 64% and radiology revenues by 26% in FY22. Although the number of laboratory
       EGP 412           EGP 472      and radiology tests conducted by the Group declined by 7% and 5%, respectively in FY22,
                                      the Group's investments in its centers of excellence's diagnostic capabilities, such as in Haven
           196,656




                            193,959




                                      Hospital and CHC, position CHG's diagnostics segment for growth in 2023 and thereafter. As
                                      the high base effect of 2021 fades away, CHG's diagnostics segment is expected to leverage
                                      its COEs to drive growth exponentially.


        FY 2021          FY 2022




11 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                        FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                                Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                    FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                     Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



                                                     Revenue by Hospital
             Number of
           Catheterizations                          Cleopatra Hospital:
         (Rev/catheterization)                       In FY22, CHC, which includes Cleopatra Hospital and Queens Hospital, generated a total of
         EGP 41,971             EGP 40,083           EGP 1,044mn in revenue. Queens Hospital’s contribution was limited to its operations until
                                                     its shut down for renovation in April 2022, reporting revenues of EGP 30mn. Excluding
                                                     Queens Hospital, Cleopatra Hospital standalone saw an 8% growth in revenue for the period,
                                     4,588
            4,471




                                                     and 16% during the same period when excluding Covid’s impact on CHC. In 4Q22, the
                                                     hospital reported its highest quarterly performance, with an 11% growth compared to 4Q21.
                                                     CHC’s growth in FY22 was driven by an increase in cases served, which rose by 6% during
                                                     the period, coupled with enhanced case mix profitability levels. The hospital saw an uptick in
         FY 2021                  FY 2022            surgical procedures, as well as outpatients and inpatients served, which grew by 7%, 8%, and
                                                     7%, respectively, in FY22. These volumes reflect the hospital's ability to maintain growth on
                                                     the back of management’s investments in its medical and diagnostic capabilities throughout
 Historical figures have been adjusted to            the year. CHC has completed renovations in some of its inpatient wards, in addition to the
 account for standardization of KPI reporting        previously renovated outpatient department, during the year. These renovations have enabled
 across all facilities as the introduction of a
 unified ERP system across the group facilities      the hospital to continue to accommodate increasing patient volumes effectively and
 throughout 2021.                                    efficiently. CHC and Queens Hospital contributed 40% of the group's consolidated top line,
                                                     with CHC alone accounting for 39%.
 All KPI figures refer to the consolidation of all
 six of CHG hospitals as well as the Group’s
 East and West Cairo Polyclinics) and excludes
 Bedaya while taking into account elimination        Cairo Specialized Hospital:
 entries.                                            CSH, which accounts for 20% of the Group's consolidated top line, delivered impressive
                                                     results in FY22, with revenue growth of 15% to reach EGP 526mn. Excluding the impact of
                                                     Covid, the hospital's core organic business expanded by 19%. During 4Q22, the hospital
                                                     achieved its highest-ever quarterly revenue of EGP 154mn, representing a 29% growth
                                                     compared to 4Q21. This outstanding performance was driven by an 8% increase in cases
         Contribution by Segment                     served throughout the year, supported by growth in the hospital's outpatients, surgical, and
                  (FY22)                             inpatients volumes by 9%, 14%, and 15%, respectively. Notably, this growth is partially
                          20%                        attributed to investments made in its orthopaedic and Neurosurgery Centers of Excellence.
                                                     CSH also revamped its outpatient clinics and made significant investments in its Orthopaedic
    11%                                              and Neurosurgery Centers of Excellence, along with the renovation of a substantial proportion
                                             11%     of its inpatient wards.

                                                     Al Sherouk Hospital:
                                               7%    ASH has achieved remarkable growth, with a year-on-year revenue increase of 16% in FY22,
                                             4%      totalling EGP 440mn. This accomplishment solidifies the hospital's position as the fastest
  21%
                                                     growing hospital within the Group in terms of revenue. Excluding the impact of the Covid
                                          7%         pandemic, the hospital's core organic business witnessed an impressive and growth of 22%.
                                  6%                 ASH contributed 17% to the Group's consolidated revenue, placing it as the third-largest
                    13%
                                                     contributor after CHC and CSH, and up two percentage points from its contribution in FY21.
                Surgeries
                Outpatient Clinics                   The hospital's performance can be attributed to its commitment to improving patient care. The
                Inpatients                           recent renovation of its inpatient rooms, patient-facing areas, and outpatient polyclinic setup
                Laboratories
                Cardiac Catheterization              has played a vital role in increasing the hospital's cases served exponentially. Additionally,
                Emergency Room                       the advancements in its Centers of Excellence throughout the year, such as RoboSurge, have
                Radiology
                Outpatient Pharmacy
                                                     also enhanced the hospital's case mix and volumes. In FY22, Al Shorouk Hospital recorded
                All Others                           an 8% increase in cases served. This growth is mainly fuelled by a 10%, 6%, and 10% rise in
                                                     inpatient, surgical, and outpatient volumes respectively, demonstrating the hospital's ability
                                                     to meet the evolving healthcare needs of its patients.

                                                     Nile Badrawi Hospital:
                                                     NBH has been undergoing a comprehensive strategic upgrading process since January 2022,
                                                     aimed at enhancing its capacity and services. As a result, the hospital has been operating at a
                                                     reduced capacity for part of the year. This has led to a declines in performance in the first half
                                                     of the year 2022 of 7%, but the hospital managed to make up for it by achieving an impressive
                                                     growth rate of 9% in 2H22. These results contributed to a full-year growth rate of 1%. , Nile
                                                     Badrawi Hospital remained a significant contributor to the Group's consolidated top line, with

12 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                       FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                                 Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                     FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                      Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




         Revenue by Hospital                          its revenue accounting for 14% of the total revenue for FY22. With the successful
               (FY22)                                 inauguration of its revamped outpatient department, and significant investments in its Urology
                                                      and Cardiology Centers of Excellence, Nile Badrawi Hospital is poised to further strengthen
                         3%                           its performance in 2023. These developments have unlocked key portions of the hospital's
          2% 5%
                                                      revenue-generating potential, which is expected to significantly improve its financial
                                                      performance going forward. Overall, the strategic upgrading process undertaken by Nile
  17%
                                                      Badrawi Hospital represents a significant investment in its long-term sustainability and
                                         38%
                                                      growth.
                                                      Al Katib Hospital:
                                                      AKH, formerly dedicated to treating Covid patients, has transformed into a multispecialty
                                                      Surgical Center of Excellence. The hospital underwent a launch during 1Q22 under its new
    20%
                                  1.2%                service offering and has since been in a ramp-up phase. Despite being in the early stages of
                14%                                   development, AKH generated EGP 49mn in revenues. As the hospital continues to ramp up
             Cleopatra Hospital                       throughout 2023, management anticipates that AKH will once again experience healthy
             Queens Hospital                          growth trends. This expectation is due in part to a high comparative base period that included
             Nile Badrawi Hospital
             Cairo Specialised Hospital               Covid patients with long average lengths of stay and higher than average revenue per patient.
             Al Shorouk Hospital                      As the hospital transitions away from this base period, the management believes that AKH
             El Katib Hospital                        will enjoy a renewed period of growth. Since its launch in January 2022, AKH has generated
             Polyclinics & Pharma
             Bedaya (IVF)                             a 12-month compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in its top line of over 17%. This came on
                                                      the back of conducting over 1,400 surgical procedures and accommodating more than 2,700
 *Polyclinic revenue includes both East and West
                                                      inpatients throughout the year. The hospital has been operating as an efficient surgical hub
 Cairo Polyclinics (CHG for medical services) in      and attracting growing volumes of patients, supported by the Group's referral network. AKH's
 addition to the polyclinic pharmacies segment (CHG   focus on providing high-quality surgical care and efficient operations has enabled it to attract
 Pharma)
                                                      and retain patients. As AKH continues to ramp up, it is expected to attract even more patients,
                                                      making it a valuable asset to the Group's network with high potential growth.
        CHC Revenue Breakdown
               (EGP mn)                               The Group's polyclinics continue to serve a vital role in feeding its hospitals' feeder network
                                                      by providing healthcare services to underserved suburban regions in Cairo. In FY22, both
                                                      polyclinics maintained their growth trajectories, recording an impressive 18% increase in
                                    59
                                                      revenue. These polyclinics contributed 3% to the Group's top line for the period.
             110

                                    955
                                                      Furthermore, CHG's IVF venture, Bedaya, continues to deliver impressive results. In FY22,
             825                                      Bedaya recorded 40% year-on-year revenue growth, accounting for EGP 69mn, and
                                                      contributing 3% to CHG's consolidated revenues. The facility's success can be attributed to
                                                      the effective integration within CHG's operating and referral frameworks, as well as the
          FY 2021                FY 2022
                                                      recovery of the business's medical tourism line of business.
          Non-COVID-19            COVID-19
                                                      COGS
         CSH Revenue Breakdown                        In FY22, the Group incurred a total cost of goods sold of EGP 1,741mn, representing a modest
                (EGP mn)                              8% year-on-year increase. However, the COGS/Sales ratio increased by four percentage
                                                      points to 67% on a full-year basis and on a quarterly as well. In line with the Group’s historical
                                    10                averages, medical supplies continued to account for the lion’s share of costs accounting for
              27                                      29% of the COGS for the period.
                                                      Despite the challenges posed by the Covid pandemic, inflationary pressures, and supply chain
                                    515               disruptions, CHG remained proactive in securing competitive rates and building up ample
             432
                                                      stocks of key supplies on a Group level. The Group's seasoned and well-integrated supply
                                                      management and procurement teams played a crucial role in delivering medical supplies
                                                      across the Group at 19% of revenues for FY22. This represented a one percent reduction from
          FY 2021                FY 2022              the previous year, demonstrating impressive efficiency in the midst of this volatile
          Non-COVID-19             COVID-19           macroeconomic environment.
                                                      Furthermore, management's multi-pronged efficiency strategy proved successful in
                                                      controlling Consulting Physician fees and Staff Costs, which both read 17% of the Group's
                                                      top line in FY22. This was only one percentage point more than in the previous year,
                                                      indicating management's effective cost management and operational optimization measures.


13 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                        FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                              Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                  FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                                   Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




      ASH Revenue Breakdown                          The Group's ability to maintain cost discipline while coping with external challenges
                                                     highlights its resilience and commitment to sustainable growth.
             (EGP mn)
                                                     Gross Profit
                                                18   In FY2, the Group recorded a consolidated gross profit of EGP 873mn, declining by 6% in
              34                                     absolute terms and with an associated margin of 33%, which is three percentage points lower
                                                     than in FY21. However, this margin is in line with the Group's historical margins pre-Covid,
                                     422
              346                                    considering FY21’s high base effect on the back of Covid profitability. Despite the loss of
                                                     high margin Covid-related business in FY22 and the exceptional inflationary period that the
                                                     global market is experiencing, management has maintained its multi-pronged efficiency and
        FY 2021                     FY 2022          cost avoidance strategies to shield the Group's margins as much as possible.
        Non-COVID-19                 COVID-19
                                                     G&A Expenses
       NBH Revenue Breakdown                         The General and Administrative (G&A) expenses of the company comprise the non-medical
             (EGP mn)                                staff costs, senior management costs, commercial expenses, and group-level professional
                                                     consulting fees. In FY22, the G&A expenses amounted to EGP 408mn, reflecting a 5%
                                                     increase in absolute figures compared to FY21. However, the SG&A to sales ratio remained
                                      10             relatively flat at 15.6% compared to 15.2% in FY21.
              16                                     This commendable achievement can be attributed to the Group's robust cost-cutting and
                                     369             avoidance strategies, as well as its efficient operational processes, which enabled the Group
              360                                    to maintain its G&A ratio to revenue despite the turbulent macroeconomic environment.
                                                     These measures have been instrumental in offsetting the cost pressures arising from
        FY 2021                     FY 2022          inflationary trends and supply chain disruptions.
        Non-COVID-19                 COVID-19
                                                     The Group's ability to keep a tight rein on G&A expenses is a testament to its strong financial
                                                     management and operational excellence. Management's prudent decision-making and cost
              COGS Breakdown                         optimization strategies have helped the Group to navigate through the current challenging
                  (FY22)                             business environment while preserving its financial strength and resilience.
        20%
                                                     EBITDA
                                           29%       CHG's adjusted EBITDA for FY22 stood at EGP 709mn, reflecting a decline of 7% compared
                                                     to the previous year. The associated margin was 27%, which is three percentage points lower
                                                     than FY21. However, it is important to note that management's efficiency agenda successfully
                                                     prevented the 3% decline in GP margin from widening and negatively impacting the Group's
    26%                                              EBITDA margins.
                                                     Despite the challenging business environment, the management's stringent efficiency
                                     25%
                                                     measures have helped to mitigate the impact of external factors on the Group's financial
               Medical Supplies                      performance. These measures have enabled the Group to maintain a healthy EBITDA margin,
               Consulting Physicians                 which reflects the strength of the management's strategic planning and execution.
               Salaries & Wages
               Other                                 The management's focus on cost control and optimization, coupled with the power of the
                                                     Group's integrated platform, has enabled the Group to weather the storm of the ongoing
          Consolidated Gross                         economic uncertainties. These measures have also enabled the Group to safeguard its financial
                                                     stability and resilience, ensuring sustainable growth in the long run.
             Profit, GPM
            (EGP mn | %)                             It is noteworthy that the Group's ability to maintain a robust EBITDA margin amid the current
                                       33%           challenging business environment is a testament to the effectiveness of its management's
      35%           32%                              strategies and their unwavering commitment to operational excellence.
                            34%
                                        237.6




                                                     Net Profit
      222.0




                            221.6
                    192.1




                                                     CHG's consolidated net profit for the year ended 2022 amounted to EGP 356.7mn,
                                                     representing a decline of 13% compared to the previous year. The associated margin was 14%,
                                                     which is two percentage points less than in FY21. Despite the decline in net profit margin,
                                                     management's initiatives to enhance efficiency helped the Group to absorb the sharp decline
     1Q22       2Q22        3Q22       4Q22


14 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                     FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                   Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                      FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                        Cairo, Egypt | March 2023



                                         in Covid-related revenues for the period and confidently transition into steeper growths of
              SG&A, SG&A/Sales           organic business at higher profitability margins than pre-pandemic levels.
                (EGP mn | %)
                                         CAPEX
     16%                         15%
                 16%     15%     109.1   The Group's investment in its infrastructure and feeder network has been a priority, with a
                                         particular focus on its centers of excellence operating model. As such, the total CAPEX
      102.1




                                         outlays year to date amounted to EGP 331.7mn. It is noteworthy that this figure includes down
                 99.6


                         96.6




                                         payments for CAPEX purchases that are yet to be delivered, demonstrating the Group's
                                         proactive approach in anticipating potential price shocks.

                                         Buyback Program
     1Q22       2Q22     3Q22    4Q22    In 1Q22, the Group initiated a buyback program to create further value for CHG's
                                         shareholders. The program has resulted in the Group accumulating over 158mn shares, which
                                         represents 10% of the company's outstanding shares. With the approved cancellation of
                  EBITDA, %              eligible treasury shares amounting to 154mn shares, the pro-forma FY22 EPS is EGP 0.25
                (EGP mn | %) 28%         per share. This reflects an impressive 11% accretion to the Group's investors, demonstrating
     28%                 28%             CHG's commitment to driving shareholder value and management's confidence in the
                                         company's fundamentals. The pro-forma effect on the EPS is a testament to the Group's
                                 197.5
                         184.0




                 25%                     accretive strategy, which has delivered positive results for investors. CHG's focus on effective
      179.5




                                         capital allocation and financial management has allowed it to deliver strong financial
                 148.3




                                         performance and attract investor confidence:
                                          EGP mn                         1Q22      2Q22      3Q22     4Q22       Totals
                                          Net Income                     102mn     74mn      91mn     90 mn      357mn

     1Q22       2Q22     3Q22    4Q22     total shares                                                          1,600 mn
                                          Shares- Post Cancellation                                             1,441 mn
                                          EPS                                                                     0.22
                                          Proforma EPS                                                            0.25
               Net Profit, NPM
                (EGP mn | %)
     16%
                         14%     13%
      102.4




                 12%
                         90.7


                                 89.6
                 74.1




     1Q22       2Q22     3Q22    4Q22




                                                           –Ends–




15 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                         FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                                          Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                            FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                                              Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




ABOUT CLEOPATRA HOSPITALS GROUP S.A.E.
The Group is the largest private hospital group in Egypt by number of hospital beds and number of operating hospitals. The company
holds majority stakes and operates seven leading hospitals in the Greater Cairo Area: Cleopatra Hospital, Cairo Specialized Hospital,
Nile Badrawi Hospital, Al Shorouk Hospital, Queens Hospital, El Katib Hospital, Sky Hospital, and Haven Hospital offering a full
array of general, emergency healthcare services and rehabilitation services. The Group also operates two polyclinics located in
strategic neighbourhoods of East and West Cairo and holds a majority stake in Bedaya for Medical Services, Egypt’s leading IVF
and Fertility Centre.

 Shareholder Information
 EGX: CLHO.CA                                                                         Shareholder Structure
 Listed: June 2016                                                                           (as of December 2022)
 Shares Outstanding: 1,600 million

 For further information, please                                                33%
                                                                                                                          29%
 contact:
 Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.

 Hassan Fikry
 Executive Director
 Strategy & Business Operations
 hassan.fikry@cleohc.com
                                                                                    10%                             28%
 Waleed Hamed
 Corporate Strategy & IR Manager
                                                                            Care Healthcare Ltd.           MCI Healthcare Partners
 waleed.hamed@cleohc.com
                                                                            Treasury Stock                 Free float
 T: +2 (0)2 2241 7471
 investors.cleopatrahospitals.com


Forward-Looking Statements
This communication contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is any statement that does not relate
to historical facts and events, and can be identified by the use of such words and phrases as “according to estimates”, “anticipates”,
“assumes”, “believes”, “could”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “is of the opinion”, “may”, “plans”, “potential”, “predicts”,
“projects”, “should”, “to the knowledge of”, “will”, “would”, or, in each case, their negatives, or other similar expressions that are
intended to identify a statement as forward-looking. This applies, in particular, to statements containing information on future
financial results, plans, or expectations regarding our business and management, our future growth or profitability and general
economic and regulatory conditions and other matters affecting us.
Forward-looking statements reflect our management’s (“Management”) current views of future events, are based on Management’s
assumptions, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. The occurrence or non-occurrence of an assumption could cause our actual financial condition and
results of operations to differ materially from, or fail to meet expectations expressed or implied by, such forward-looking statements.
Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could also cause a forward-looking statement, estimate, or
prediction to become inaccurate. These risks include fluctuations in the prices of raw materials or employee costs required by our
operations, its ability to retain the services of certain key employees, its ability to compete successfully, changes in political, social,
legal, or economic conditions in Egypt, worldwide economic trends, the impact of war and terrorist activity, inflation, interest rate
and exchange rate fluctuations, and Management’s ability to timely and accurately identify future risks to our business and manage
the risks mentioned above.
Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly
to the total figure given.

16 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                     FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                      Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




Consolidated Statement of Income
 All figures in EGP mn               4Q2021      4Q2022      % change    FY2021           FY2022       % change

 Revenues                               648.7      712.2         10%       2549.3          2614.4             3%
 Cost of sales                        (408.4)    (474.6)         16%     (1618.6)        (1741.1)             8%
 Gross profit                           240.3      237.6         -1%        930.7           873.3            -6%
 Gross Profit Margin                     37%        33%                      37%             33%
 General & administrative expenses     (90.0)    (109.1)         21%      (388.0)         (407.5)            5%
 Cost of acquisition activities          (5.7)      (1.5)       -74%        (17.5)           (4.3)         -76%
 Provisions                            (11.2)     (12.2)          9%        (25.1)          (22.4)         -11%
 Other income                              2.1        0.7       -66%           9.4             4.9         -48%
 EBIT                                   135.5      115.6        -15%        509.5           444.1          -13%
 EBIT Margin                             21%        16%                      20%             17%
 Interest income                         19.0       11.8        -38%          59.6            49.2         -17%
 Interest expense                        (9.4)    (14.6)         56%        (34.4)          (43.6)          26%
 Profit before tax                      145.2      112.8        -22%        534.6           449.7          -16%
 PBT Margin                              22%        16%                      21%             17%
 Income tax                            (22.9)     (19.5)        -15%      (120.0)           (85.3)         -29%
 Deferred tax                              0.2      (3.7)         0%         (3.9)           (7.6)          95%
 Net profit after tax                   122.6       89.6        -27%        410.7           356.7          -13%
 Net Profit Margin                       19%        13%                      16%             14%

 Distributed as follows:
 Shareholders of the company           115.4        78.8        -32%        387.3           325.8          -16%
 Minority rights                         7.2        10.8         50%         23.4            30.9           32%
 Profit for the period                 122.6        89.6        -27%        410.7           356.7          -13%



Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 All figures in EGP mn               4Q2021       4Q2022     % change     FY2021            FY2022     % change

 Net Profit                           122.6           89.6      -27%        410.7             356.7        -13%
 Other comprehensive income             0.0            0.0                    0.0               0.0
 Total comprehensive                  122.6           89.6      -27%        410.7             356.7        -13%
 income for the year

 Total comprehensive income
                                      122.6           89.6      -27%        410.7             356.7        -13%
 attributable to:
 Owners of the company                115.4           78.8      -32%        387.3             325.8        -16%
 Non-controlling interest               7.2           10.8       50%         23.4              30.9         32%
 Total comprehensive                  122.6           89.6      -27%        410.7             356.7        -13%
 income for the year




17 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                       FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                   Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                 FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                  Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 All figures in EGP mn                       31 December 2021         31 December 2022

 Non-current assets
 Fixed assets                                         1,351.7                     1,567.3
 Intangible assets                                      425.5                       423.4
 Right of use                                           174.7                       149.2
 Payment under investment                                 5.7                         4.2
 Investment in associates                                 2.2                         3.8
 Total non-current assets                             1,959.8                     2,147.9

 Current assets
 Inventory                                               51.3                       108.0
 Accounts receivables                                   383.3                       505.4
 Other receivables and debit balances                   191.7                       172.8
 Due from related parties                                 0.5                         3.2
 Treasury bills                                         677.1                        98.9
 Cash                                                   168.9                       247.2
 Total current assets                                 1,472.8                     1,135.5
 Total assets                                         3,432.6                     3,283.4

 Equity
 Share capital                                          800.0                       800.0
 Treasury Shares                                         (4.2)                    (766.0)
 Reserves                                               302.9                       319.2
 Retained earnings                                    1,270.0                     1,517.4
 Long term incentive plan                                  8.3                        8.4
 Equity attributable to the parent company            2,377.1                     1,878.9
 Non-controlling interest                               120.7                       148.4
 Total equity                                         2,497.8                     2,027.4

 Non-current liabilities
 Other Liabilities                                       31.8                           -
 Non-current portion of lease liability                 172.7                       155.5
 Non-current portion of Borrowings                          -                        88.0
 Deferred tax liability                                  81.8                        89.4
 Total non-current liabilities                          286.3                       329.9

 Current liabilities
 Provisions                                              21.9                        25.3
 Creditors and other credit balances                    461.0                       530.8
 Current Portion of Borrowings                           60.6                       244.5
 Current portion of lease liability                      38.7                        39.0
 Other Liabilities                                          -                        35.6
 Current income tax                                      66.2                        48.0
 Total current liabilities                              648.5                       923.1
 Total liabilities                                      934.8                     1,256.0
 Total liabilities & shareholders’ equity             3,432.6                     3,283.4




18 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                   FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
                                                                            Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                          FY2022 EARNINGS RELEASE


                                                                                            Cairo, Egypt | March 2023




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow
 All figures in EGP mn                                                        31 December 2021    31 December 2022
 Cash flow from operating activities:
 Profit before tax                                                                       534.6                 449.7

 Adjustments for:
 Depreciation                                                                            113.9                 133.1
 Right of use depreciation                                                                    -                     -
 Amortization of intangible assets                                                         15.9                 15.9
 Allowance for impairment of current assets                                               (9.8)               (42.7)
 Provision                                                                                  0.3                   3.4
 Capital gain/Loss                                                                          0.8                   0.4
 Credit / Debit Interest                                                                 (25.1)                   2.7
 Changes in current tax liability                                                        (89.9)              (100.4)
 Loss In Investments in subsidiaries                                                      (1.0)                 (0.4)
 Share-based payments financial liabilities                                                 8.3                  16.5
 Operating profits before changes in assets and liabilities                              547.9                 478.1
 Changes in working capital:
 Changes in Inventories                                                                    15.0               (57.0)
 Change in trade receivables, debtors and other debit balances                             52.1              (161.1)
 Changes in Due from related parties                                                      (0.7)                 (2.6)
 Change in trade and other payables                                                        24.6                 69.7
 Employee Incentive Plan                                                                      -               (16.4)
 Change in lease                                                                         (11.6)                   8.4
 Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                      627.3                 319.0
 Cash flow from investment activities:
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets                                                         3.4                  2.2
 Fixed assets purchased                                                                  (97.5)              (161.7)
 PUC purchased                                                                          (167.1)              (189.6)
 Advance payment for purchase of fixed assets                                            (17.6)                 19.6
 Fixed assets Suppliers                                                                   (2.8)                    -
 Payments under investment                                                                (5.7)                  1.5
 Credit Interest Collected                                                                 50.8                 41.0
 Paid for Investment Associates                                                               -               (11.2)
 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (236.4)              (298.3)
 Cash flow from financing activities:
 Treasury Shares                                                                         (74.2)              (681.2)
 Dividends paid out                                                                      (47.0)               (67.9)
 Cash Proceed From Overdraft                                                              464.6                479.9
 Cash Paid to Overdraft                                                                 (404.0)              (296.0)
 Interest paid                                                                           (37.7)               (43.6)
 Receipts from borrowings                                                                     -                 88.0
 Net cash flow from financing activities                                                 (98.3)              (520.8)
 Net change in cash & cash equivalents during the year                                    292.5              (500.1)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                   550.5                847.5
 Cash And Cash /equivalent In Acquired Subsidiaries at Beg. Of The Period                   4.5                    -
 Cash & cash equivalents at the end of the year                                           847.5                347.4




19 | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                              FY 2022 EARNINGS RELEASE
