                                                                                Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                               PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                   Cairo, Egypt | 16 February 2025




Cleopatra Hospitals Group Secures Major Extension for
Cleopatra October Hospital
Cairo, Egypt | 16 February 2025

Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E. (“CHG” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the successful execution of an agreement to
extend Cleopatra October (Haven) Hospital through a Build-to-Suit lease to add approximately 200 beds to the existing hospital.
This asset-light expansion is expected to increase the hospital’s total capacity to up to 300 beds by 2026, further enhancing CHG’s
ability to serve the growing healthcare needs in West Cairo. CHG will invest in medical and non-medical furnishing to ensure the
hospital meets international standards.

Hospital Evolution and Growth

Since its integration into CHG’s network in 2022, Cleopatra October Hospital has transitioned from a specialized physiotherapy
and rehabilitation centre into a fully operational, multi-specialty hospital. Having completed its first full year of operations, the
facility has achieved significant financial and operational milestones and is expected to generate EGP 250 million in revenue for
2024, with a double-digit gross profit margin and a positive EBITDA margin.

Strategic Expansion and Service Enhancements

The expansion aligns with CHG’s strategic objective of establishing Cleopatra October Hospital as a leading tertiary healthcare
provider for West Cairo. The additional capacity will bring to West Cairo a range of much needed specialties, including oncology,
cardiology, bone marrow transplantation, and nephrology, alongside an expansion of musculoskeletal and rehabilitation services
with the introduction of advanced units such as sports medicine and pediatric rehabilitation. The new facility will be equipped with
state-of-the-art medical technology to further strengthen the hospital’s service offerings making it a hub for medical value tourism
for West Cairo.

About Cleopatra Hospitals Group

The Group is the largest private hospital group in Egypt by number of hospital beds and number of operating hospitals. The company
holds majority stakes and operates seven leading hospitals in the Greater Cairo Area: Cleopatra Hospital, Cairo Specialized Hospital,
Nile Badrawi Hospital, Al Shorouk Hospital, El Katib Hospital, Sky Hospital, and Cleopatra October Hospital offering a full array
of general, emergency healthcare services and rehabilitation services. The Group also operates two polyclinics located in strategic
neighbourhoods of East and West Cairo and holds a majority stake in Bedaya for Medical Services, Egypt’s leading IVF and Fertility
Centre.


                                                             ––End––




1   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE
