                                                                                   Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                Cairo, Egypt | 01 November 2022




Cleopatra Hospitals Group Further Expands its Geographic
Footprint in West Cairo
Cairo, 01 November 2022

Cleopatra Hospitals Group, through its subsidiary “Cleopatra Haven SAE”, signed an 18-year concession agreement for Haven
Hospital, an operating hospital located in 6th of October City - Giza governorate owned by the Ministry of Interior Fund for
Social and Healthcare Management, which will remain as the property and asset owner. This marks the Group’s hospital network
expansion to West Cairo through a capital efficient and asset light operating model. CHG will assume the hospital’s operations as
of November 1, 2022. Cleopatra Haven is expected to be earnings accretive from FY2023 onwards.
Haven Hospital will be the largest operating facility in the Group today, standing at c.30,000 sqm and operating as a Physical
Therapy, Long Term Care and Rehabilitation Center of Excellence, equipped with state-of-the-art medical technology
complemented with world-class operating theatres and inpatient rooms. CHG will develop Haven by growing the hospital’s bed
count as well as enhancing its medical services, to become a full-fledged tertiary hospital, housing Orthopaedic and Cardiology
Centers of Excellence in addition to its existing Physical Therapy, Long Term Care and Rehabilitation service offering.




                                                             –Ends–




1   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                         Haven Hospital – Press Release
                                                                                          Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                          PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                      Cairo, Egypt | 01 November 2022




ABOUT CLEOPATRA HOSPITALS GROUP S.A.E.
The Group is the largest private hospital group in Egypt by number of hospital beds and number of operating hospitals. The company
holds majority stakes and operates six leading hospitals in the Greater Cairo Area: Cleopatra Hospital, Cairo Specialized Hospital,
Nile Badrawi Hospital, Al Shorouk Hospital, Queens Hospital, and El Katib Hospital offering a full array of general and emergency
healthcare services. The Group also operates two polyclinics located in strategic neighbourhoods of East and West Cairo and holds
a majority stake in Bedaya for Medical Services, Egypt’s leading IVF and Fertility Centre.

    Shareholder Information
    EGX: CLHO.CA                                                                      Shareholder Structure
    Listed: June 2016                                                                        (as of November 2022)
    Shares Outstanding: 1,600 million

    For further information, please                                             33%
                                                                                                                           29%
    contact:
    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.

    Hassan Fikry
    Executive Director
    Strategy & Business Operations
    hassan.fikry@cleohc.com
                                                                                    10%                             28%
    Waleed Hamed
    Corporate Strategy & IR Manager
                                                                            Care Healthcare Ltd.           MCI Healthcare Partners
    waleed.hamed@cleohc.com
                                                                            Treasury Stock                 Free float
    T: +2 (0)2 2241 7471
    investors.cleopatrahospitals.com


Forward-Looking Statements
This communication contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is any statement that does not relate
to historical facts and events, and can be identified by the use of such words and phrases as “according to estimates”, “anticipates”,
“assumes”, “believes”, “could”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “is of the opinion”, “may”, “plans”, “potential”, “predicts”,
“projects”, “should”, “to the knowledge of”, “will”, “would”, or, in each case, their negatives, or other similar expressions that are
intended to identify a statement as forward-looking. This applies, in particular, to statements containing information on future
financial results, plans, or expectations regarding our business and management, our future growth or profitability and general
economic and regulatory conditions and other matters affecting us.
Forward-looking statements reflect our management’s (“Management”) current views of future events, are based on Management’s
assumptions, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. The occurrence or non-occurrence of an assumption could cause our actual financial condition and
results of operations to differ materially from, or fail to meet expectations expressed or implied by, such forward-looking statements.
Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could also cause a forward-looking statement, estimate, or
prediction to become inaccurate. These risks include fluctuations in the prices of raw materials or employee costs required by our
operations, its ability to retain the services of certain key employees, its ability to compete successfully, changes in political, social,
legal, or economic conditions in Egypt, worldwide economic trends, the impact of war and terrorist activity, inflation, interest rate
and exchange rate fluctuations, and Management’s ability to timely and accurately identify future risks to our business and manage
the risks mentioned above.
Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly
to the total figure given.


2    | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                               Haven Hospital – Press Release
