                                                                                       Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                        PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                           Cairo, Egypt | 28 April 2024




Cleopatra Hospital Group partners with Mumtada Medical
Company to launch a groundbreaking healthcare facility in
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
     •    There is an urgent gap for rehabilitation and long-term care in Saudi Arabia, with an estimated need of 18,000 beds
          (2030) and USD 14bn market.
     •    Cleopatra Hospitals Group (CHG) has been selected as the operating partner.
     •    Mumtada Medical Company, aligned with Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 healthcare transformation, will provide
          accessible, high-quality healthcare, and enhance the local workforce and training.
     •    Riyadh facility to open in 2024, with 200 beds, 27 specialized clinics and 17 dialysis units. Additional facilities across
          KSA are under consideration.

Through this partnership, CHG will enter the attractive Saudi Arabian healthcare market through an asset light model, expanding
the Company’s geographic footprint and patient pool further, and building a platform for future growth opportunities.

Cleopatra Hospitals Group (CHG), the leading provider of healthcare services in Egypt, has entered into a partnership with Mumtada
Medical Company (herein referred to as “Mumtada”) to support the launch of a new 200-bed rehabilitation and long-term post-
acute care facility in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. This partnership signifies CHG's first venture into the Saudi healthcare market, utilizing
an asset-light strategy with Mumtada, where CHG will support Mumtada’s operations in the Kingdom. Expected to commence
operations in late 2024, Mumtada Rehabilitation Facility in Riyadh will provide long-term care, post-acute rehabilitation, and
outpatient services, addressing a diverse array of medical needs.

Cleopatra will contribute its operational expertise, shared services, staffing solutions, and advisory support to establish the facility
as a top-tier destination for rehabilitation and long-term care. This initiative is the first among multiple rehabilitation and long-term
care facilities planned by Mumtada. Cleopatra is led by a seasoned industry management team under the guidance of an experienced
board of directors including representation from the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia.

In accordance with the agreement, CHG will be compensated with pre-operational and operational services fees, in addition to
performance-based incentives following the facility's opening.

CHG looks forward to working closely with its partners to launch Mumtada Rehabilitation Facility and make a positive impact on
the lives of patients and families in Riyadh.




1   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                         Press Release
                                                                                    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                    PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                        Cairo, Egypt | 28 April 2024




About Mumtada Medical Company

Mumtada Medical Company, headquartered in Riyadh, KSA, aims to transform the healthcare model for specialized rehabilitation
and Long-Term Post-Acute Care in KSA. The model will shift away from a sterile hospital setting to a patient and family centric
healthcare experience with an integrated continuum of care across inpatient, outpatient, home services and virtual care.

Mumtada Rehabilitation Facility in Riyadh will be the first by the group, planned to open by end of 2024. The facility will include
200 inpatient beds, 27 outpatient clinics, 17 hemodialysis stations, diagnostic laboratory, pharmacy, radiology and multiple
support units to serve the needs of patients across a wide range of medical conditions for Adults, Pediatrics, Long-term ventilated
care with 24 hours ICU and HDU support.

Mumtada Medical Company is at advanced stages of identifying additional facilities across KSA to rapidly expand the footprint to
provide broader access and the highest quality of care to patients in all parts of the nation.

About Cleopatra Hospitals Group

The Group is the largest private hospital group in Egypt by number of hospital beds and number of operating hospitals. The company
holds majority stakes and operates seven leading hospitals in the Greater Cairo Area: Cleopatra Hospital, Cairo Specialized Hospital,
Nile Badrawi Hospital, Al Sherouk Hospital, El Katib Hospital, Sky Hospital, and Cleopatra October Hospital offering a full array
of general, emergency healthcare services and rehabilitation services. The Group also operates two polyclinics located in strategic
neighbourhoods of East and West Cairo and holds a majority stake in Bedaya for Medical Services, Egypt’s leading IVF and Fertility
Centre.


                                                              –Ends–




2   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                     Press Release
