                                                                                  Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                Cairo, Egypt | 08 December 2022




Cleopatra Hospitals Group Further Expands its Network
Outside Greater Cairo
Cairo, 08 December 2022

Cleopatra Hospitals Group announced today the execution of a 15-year agreement with the Fund for Housing and Social Services
of the Petroleum Sector, to upgrade, build out and operate key medical units in the Petroleum Medical Center in Suez Governorate.
This Agreement further deepens the Group’s strategic relationship with a key payor, the Fund for Housing and Social Services of
the Petroleum Sector, which provides healthcare coverage to over 1 million patients – Petroleum Sector employees, retirees and
their families.
Through this Agreement, CHG will bring its quality medical services, systems and market leading technology to the Petroleum
Medical Center’s outpatients and inpatients, serving both the petroleum sector patients as well as the wider population of walk-in
and contractual patients in Suez and the Suez Canal region. The Agreement expands CHG’s network and services access outside
Greater Cairo as part of the Group’s plans to expand the accessibility of quality medical care across Egypt.




                                                             –Ends–




1   | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                          Suez Hospital – Press Release
                                                                                          Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.
                                                                                                                           PRESS RELEASE


                                                                                                       Cairo, Egypt | 08 December 2022




ABOUT CLEOPATRA HOSPITALS GROUP S.A.E.
The Group is the largest private hospital group in Egypt by number of hospital beds and number of operating hospitals. The company
holds majority stakes and operates six leading hospitals in the Greater Cairo Area: Cleopatra Hospital, Cairo Specialized Hospital,
Nile Badrawi Hospital, Al Shorouk Hospital, Queens Hospital, and El Katib Hospital offering a full array of general and emergency
healthcare services. The Group also operates two polyclinics located in strategic neighbourhoods of East and West Cairo and holds
a majority stake in Bedaya for Medical Services, Egypt’s leading IVF and Fertility Centre.

    Shareholder Information
    EGX: CLHO.CA                                                                      Shareholder Structure
    Listed: June 2016                                                                        (as of December 2022)
    Shares Outstanding: 1,600 million

    For further information, please                                             33%
                                                                                                                            29%
    contact:
    Cleopatra Hospitals Group S.A.E.

    Hassan Fikry
    Executive Director
    Strategy & Business Operations
    hassan.fikry@cleohc.com
                                                                                    10%                              28%
    Waleed Hamed
    Corporate Strategy & IR Manager
                                                                            Care Healthcare Ltd.           MCI Healthcare Partners
    waleed.hamed@cleohc.com
                                                                            Treasury Stock                 Free float
    T: +2 (0)2 2241 7471
    investors.cleopatrahospitals.com


Forward-Looking Statements
This communication contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is any statement that does not relate
to historical facts and events, and can be identified by the use of such words and phrases as “according to estimates”, “anticipates”,
“assumes”, “believes”, “could”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “is of the opinion”, “may”, “plans”, “potential”, “predicts”,
“projects”, “should”, “to the knowledge of”, “will”, “would”, or, in each case, their negatives, or other similar expressions that are
intended to identify a statement as forward-looking. This applies, in particular, to statements containing information on future
financial results, plans, or expectations regarding our business and management, our future growth or profitability and general
economic and regulatory conditions and other matters affecting us.
Forward-looking statements reflect our management’s (“Management”) current views of future events, are based on Management’s
assumptions, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. The occurrence or non-occurrence of an assumption could cause our actual financial condition and
results of operations to differ materially from, or fail to meet expectations expressed or implied by, such forward-looking statements.
Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could also cause a forward-looking statement, estimate, or
prediction to become inaccurate. These risks include fluctuations in the prices of raw materials or employee costs required by our
operations, its ability to retain the services of certain key employees, its ability to compete successfully, changes in political, social,
legal, or economic conditions in Egypt, worldwide economic trends, the impact of war and terrorist activity, inflation, interest rate
and exchange rate fluctuations, and Management’s ability to timely and accurately identify future risks to our business and manage
the risks mentioned above.
Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly
to the total figure given.


2    | Cleopatra Hospitals Group                                                                                 Suez Hospital – Press Release
