
=== [AR2023.pdf p1] ===
ENABLING A MORE
SUSTAINABLE FUTURE, TODAY
ANNUAL REPORT 2023

=== [AR2023.pdf p2] ===
2 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 3
INTRODUCTION
Committed to providing
creative solutions
Contents Borouge Annual Report
2023
INTRODUCTION FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STRONG PRODUCTION AND ASSET UTILISATION READ MORE (P36)
Continued focus on safe and reliable operations while maximising production and achieving
some of the highest ever utilisation rates. Exceptional production volumes have been achieved
Borouge at a Glance 2 Board of Directors’ Report 138
while maintaining industry leading levels of asset reliability and operational excellence.
Our History and Year in Review 4 Independent Auditor’s Report 139
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 140
RECORD SALES WITH PRODUCT DIFFERENTIATION READ MORE (P44)
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
STRATEGIC REPORT Other Comprehensive Income 143 Achieved excellent sales of 5.12 million tonnes in challenging market environment with
focus on product differentiation and regional optimisation. Launched eight new product
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 144
solutions including two new mobility grades made from up to 70 percent recycled materials
A Message from our Chairman 10 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 146
and entered 18 new recyclates partnerships to explore sustainable applications.
Chief Executive Officer’s Statement 12 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 147
Our Competitive Advantage 16
Market Review 18 UNAUDITED 12 MONTHS PRO-FORMA CONSOLIDATED SUPERIOR SHAREHOLDER RETURNS READ MORE (P62)
Outstanding cash conversion, high margins and a robust balance sheet
Our Business Model 22 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
support our commitment to maintain 2024 dividend at $1.3 billion, reflecting
Our Strategy 24
our focus on delivering shareholder value through market cycles.
Our Strategy in Action 30 Unaudited Statement of Profit and Loss and
Our Value Chain 34 Other Comprehensive Income 181
Business Review – Operations 36 Unaudited Summary of Operating Profit 182
Business Review – Sales and Marketing 44 Unaudited Earnings Per Share (EPS) 183
Business Review – Technology and Innovation 54 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA 183
Chief Financial Officer’s Review 62 $5,791m $2,171m $1,001m
Key Metrics 66
Risk Management 68
Sustainability Report 74 (-14% vs 2022) (-18% vs 2022) (-29% vs 2022)
Our People 82
Revenue Adjusted EBITDA Net Profit
Stakeholder Engagement 86
GOVERNANCE REPORT
Corporate Governance 90
Board of Directors of the Company 94
Senior Management 100
Board Committees 104
Ethics and Compliance Report 116
Transactions with related parties 134
Note: Borouge PLC was formally established on 28 April 2022, and as such our statutory published financials for 2022 only cover the period
from 28 April 2022 to 31 December 2022. The Company has prepared unaudited pro-forma accounts for 2022, showing the combination
that forms the current business of Borouge PLC as if it had been in operation for the 12 months ended 2022. These are the full year
numbers for 2022 being referenced in the strategic section of this annual report. Currency references throughout this report to $ are to
US dollars; references to t/y are to tonnes per year; references to PE are to polyethylene; and references to PP are to polypropylene.

=== [AR2023.pdf p3] ===
4 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 5
AT A GLANCE BOROUGE PILLARS
Borouge is a leading petrochemical
company that provides creative
polyolefin solutions for a wide range
VISION: MISSION: VALUES:
of industries. The recognised leader in creative Value creation through people and At Borouge, we are one family working
polyolefin solutions that have a positive
innovation. together to make Borouge a greater
impact on society today and tomorrow.
place for us and generations to come,
The business was established in 1998, as a strategic partnership
through living and breathing our five
between the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) and
values of being progressive, collaborative,
Borealis, one of the world’s leading providers of advanced and
responsible, respectful and efficient.
sustainable polyolefin solutions.
OVERVIEW IN NUMBERS OUR INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE
BEIJING SEOUL
Borouge employs more than 3,000 people Borouge PLC (Borouge) was incorporated Established in
TOKYO
with 50 nationalities, serving customers on 28 April 2022 in the jurisdiction of 1998
across Asia Pacific, Middle East and Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)
SHANGHAI
Africa. Borouge is made up of two for the purpose of serving as the
operating entities (established in 1998): holding company for ADP and PTE. Employs over
CAIRO NEW DELHI
3,000
• a production company primarily Borouge PLC was listed on the Abu AL RUWAIS
GUANGZHOU
responsible for polyolefin production, Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX) on 3 INDUSTRIAL CITY
headquartered in Abu Dhabi (ADP) June 2022, raising gross proceeds of ABU DHABI
Nationalities
• a sales and marketing company over US$2.0 billion for the offering of 10
primarily responsible for the innovation, percent of the Company’s total issued 50 MUMBAI
marketing, sales and distribution of share capital. The Borouge listing was HO CHI MINH CITY
products to customers around the globe, the largest-ever listing on ADX and the BANGKOK
headquartered in Singapore (PTE) Middle East’s largest-ever petrochemicals
listing. After two decades of continued
Our portfolio of products comprises success and growth as a private
polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene company, Borouge’s Initial Public Offering SINGAPORE
(PP) (the two most common forms of marked the start of a new journey as a
polymer) which are used for a variety of publicly listed company, with ADNOC
consumer and infrastructure applications. and Borealis remaining committed,
strategic and long-term shareholders. NAIROBI JAKARTA
LEGAL STRUCTURE LOCATION DETAILS
HEAD OFFICE: ADP HEAD OFFICE: PTE PETROCHEMICAL COMPLEX
Abu Dhabi Singapore Al Ruwais Industrial City
Abu Dhabi National Oil Borealis Middle East Holding
Free Float
Company (ADNOC) GmbH (BMEH) COMPOUNDING PLANT INNOVATION CENTRES SALES, MARKETING, REPRESENTATIVE
Shanghai Abu Dhabi OFFICES
Shanghai Cairo
10%
Abu Dhabi
Mumbai
54% Borouge PLC 36% 15.25% New Delhi
(ADGM entity) Nairobi
Jakarta
Singapore
Bangkok
Seoul
100% 84.75% Ho Chi Minh City
Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd. (Borouge) Borouge Pte. Ltd. (PTE) Guangzhou
Sole Proprietorship LLC (ADP) Shanghai
Beijing
Tokyo

=== [AR2023.pdf p4] ===
6 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 7
OUR HISTORY
Year in Review
1998 2005 2010 2015 2017 2020 2022 2023
• B orouge was established in • P olyolefin production in Al • Compounding Manufacturing • B orouge increases production • Initiates Borouge 4 pre-FEED • E stablishes marketing • S uccessful start-up of PP5, • B orouge 4 development
the United Arab Emirates Ruwais expands to 600,000t/y Plant in Shanghai capacity of Compounding • Launches AnteoTM company in Cairo, Egypt, to increasing total polyolefin in Al Ruwais Industrial
starts production with Manufacturing Plant in globally with Borealis strengthen its leading market production capacity to 5mt/y City passes 50%
2001 2006 capacity of 50,000t/y Shanghai to 90,000t/y position in the Middle East and • Borouge lists on the Abu completion milestone
• Polyolefin production in Al • Innovation Centre North Africa (MENA) region Dhabi Securities Exchange • Achieved $607m
2018
Ruwais expands to 2mt/y inauguration in Abu Dhabi • B orouge announces the (ADX), marking the largest positive EBITDA
• P olyolefin production • B orouge signs the
production of a special grade listing on ADX to date and the impact (versus
commences in Al Ruwais with Responsible Care® • B orouge celebrates to make face masks, following Middle East’s largest-ever 2022 baseline) from
a capacity of 450,000t/y RC Global Charter 2013 2016 the ground-breaking of the outbreak of COVID-19 petrochemical listing Value Enhancement
• Borouge becomes a PP5 unit in Al Ruwais • Borouge launches a number Programme
founding member of the • B orouge achieves • B orouge achieves OHSAS to grow polypropylene
2021 of fully recyclable polyolefin • Achieved the highest-
Gulf Petrochemicals and Responsible Care® RC 18001 certification capacity to 2.2mt/y
solutions, underlining ever production and
Chemicals Association (GPCA) 14001 certification • Cross-Linked Polyethylene commitment to circular sales volumes
(XLPE) production 2019 • B orouge announces its economy • Inaugurates Asia North
2007 2014 commences in Al Ruwais support to the ‘Make It In Regional Headquarters
• Borouge wins the Gold • B orouge receives ADNOC The Emirates’ strategy in Shanghai, China
category of the Sheikh Khalifa • ADNOC and Borealis
• L aunch of the ‘Water for the • P olyolefin production in Al In-Country Value (ICV) • Establishes a new
Excellence Award (SKEA) announce the Final Investment
World’ initiative with Borealis Ruwais expands to 4.5mt/y certificate in recognition company in South Korea
• Borouge inaugurates Decision for the Borouge 4
of its role in supporting
its Application Centre facility in Al Ruwais
the UAE’s private sector
in Shanghai, China • Borouge makes first
• Borouge becomes strategic
commercial sale of recycled
partner of Project STOP
polyolefins

=== [AR2023.pdf p5] ===
8 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 9
01
Strategic Report
Inside this Section
(10–86)
A Message from our Chairman 10
Chief Executive Officer’s Statement 12
Our Competitive Advantage 16
Market Review 18
Our Business Model 22
Our Strategy 24
Our Strategy in Action 30
Our Value Chain 34
Business Review – Operations 36
Business Review – Sales and Marketing 44
Business Review – Technology & Innovation 54
Chief Financial Officer’s Review 62
Key Metrics 66
Risk Management 56
Sustainability Report 68
Our People 82
Stakeholder Engagement 86

=== [AR2023.pdf p6] ===
10 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 11
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
A national industrial champion
driving excellence, growth and
value creation
Borouge stands as one of the world’s MEGAPROJECTS AND leveraging on our scale in our utilisation ACCELERATED AND SUSTAINED “In 2024 and beyond, I am confident in
most profitable, efficient, and innovative INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION TO of Real Time Optimisation modeling. This SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
Borouge’s ability to navigate the highly
polyolefin producers. It serves as a driving DRIVE ACCELERATED GROWTH advanced approach enabled us to make Borouge pays one of the highest and
force for growth, value creation and Borouge is pursuing accelerated growth instantaneous, data-driven decisions, most sustainable dividend returns in the competitive global industry landscape
economic diversification in the UAE. locally and internationally. Locally, analysing over 150,000 parameters industry. The company will distribute $1.3
and deliver unparalleled performance
Borouge 4, a major strategic growth per hour across critical areas. billion in dividends for 2023, following
INDUSTRY LEADING project is expected to be re-contributed the approval of a final dividend of $650 and growth. Borouge’s robust business
FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL to Borouge after completion, adding Borouge has embarked on several million equivalent to 7.94 fils per share at
model and focus on innovation leveraging
PERFORMANCE IN 2023 approximately $1.5 to 1.9 billion in revenue initiatives in digitalisation and artificial the upcoming Annual General Meeting.
2023 was a tough year for the polyolefins annually after full production ramp-up intelligence which have achieved $58m digital and AI technology will reinforce its
industry, facing steep price declines and of the plant. Project construction is of value to date 2023. The company is Borouge management intends to maintain
supply and demand challenges. Borouge 60% progressed and on-track to be expected to achieve several important a $1.3 billion annual dividend equivalent position as a global leader in its industry.
proactively navigated the bottom of the completed by end of 2025. Borouge milestones, that would enable the to 15.88 fils per share in 2024. With
cycle and delivered a significant $1.0 4 will add 28% production capacity, realisation of a further $280 million strong cash generation and a robust
billion in net profit in 2023, attributable to making Borouge’s Al Ruwais production in value generation by 2028. balance sheet of more than $3.97 billion I extend heartfelt thanks to the talented
the following key drivers: A targeted Value site the world’s largest integrated in retained earnings at the end 2023,
Borouge team and our Board of Directors
Enhancement Programme across the single-site polyolefin complex with 6.4m Our ongoing product innovations Borouge shareholders can expect secure
business unlocked on an EBITDA level, tonnes annual production capacity. maintain our leadership at the forefront and stable dividends. This is a unique for their steadfast support through 2023.
$477 million in cost savings and yielded I am also proud to announce a new of tackling critical global challenges value proposition for shareholders
Anchored by a solid financial foundation and
$130 million in revenue optimisation from expansion project as part of our regular including energy transition, water access offering both strong recurring dividends
higher proportion of differentiated solutions asset optimisation and debottlenecking and food scarcity. This underscores our as well as transformative growth. the support of strategic shareholders,
and high-growth end markets. Additionally, programme which underpins our commitment to enhancing environmental In 2024 and beyond, I am confident in
I am confident that Borouge will deliver both
record sales volumes in the year added resilient growth in production volumes sustainability and supporting global Borouge’s ability to navigate the highly
approximately 200 kilo tonnes in polyolefins and operational excellence. We are infrastructure with cutting-edge solutions. competitive global industry landscape sustainable dividends and significant growth
sales contributed $106 million to EBITDA. expanding our second ethylene unit to and deliver unparalleled performance
resulting in exceptional shareholder returns.’’
add 230,000 tonnes annual production DECARBONISATION and growth. Borouge’s robust business
As a result of these initiatives, Borouge capacity expected to contribute Borouge continues to progress along model and focus on innovation leveraging
reported one of the highest EBITDA approximately $220 to 250 million in its decarbonisation journey. digital and AI technology will reinforce its
margins in the industry at 38% versus revenue once ramped-up by 2028. position as a global leader in its industry. H.E. Dr Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber
regional and international peers’ EBITDA The company has committed to eliminate
Chairman
range of 11-21%. Borouge’s $607 million Internationally, Borouge is actively our scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2045. I extend heartfelt thanks to the talented
efficiency programme contributed a pursuing an opportunity in Asia It has set ambitious milestones to reach Borouge team and our Board of Directors
significant 28% to 2023 EBITDA, the Pacific that has reached the feasibility this goal – 25% cut in greenhouse for their steadfast support through
highest impact in any single year of any stage and will provide an update on gas emissions intensity and 30% 2023. Anchored by a solid financial
announced programmes by peers. By the outcome during the year. reduction in energy intensity we use by foundation and the support of strategic
continuing to actively manage costs 2030. In 2023, we achieved our 2030 shareholders, I am confident that
and adapt the business to evolving INNOVATION, DIGITALISATION AND greenhouse gas emissions reduction Borouge will deliver both sustainable
market dynamics, Borouge management ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ARE KEY target, seven years ahead of schedule. dividends and significant growth resulting
expects to sustain these substantial ENABLERS FOR SUSTAINED GROWTH in exceptional shareholder returns.
efficiencies and value going forward. Borouge has consistently applied We continue to boost our efforts in energy
cutting-edge technologies to enhance efficiency and exploring cutting-edge
and optimise our operational efficiencies technologies in electrification and carbon
throughout the entire value chain. We are capture to make our operations cleaner.

=== [AR2023.pdf p7] ===
12 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 13
CEO’S STATEMENT
Going the extra mile in
value creation
Borouge produced a resilient financial revenue through tactical product TRANSFORMATIONAL
and operational performance in 2023, in and regional mix adjustments. BOROUGE 4 PROJECT
the face of a challenging global polyolefin Through successful cross-functional We have also advanced significantly on
market and continued to build a solid teamwork through the value chain we the Borouge 4 project, which will boost
platform for future growth. Our global achieved a 45 percent reduction in our polyolefins production capacity
organisation showed foresight and logistics variable costs in 2023. Our by nearly a third. The project, which is
“While 2023 was a challenging
commitment to enhance productivity, procurement, planning, global and regional managed by Borouge on behalf of its major
year for the global industry, optimise financial performance and ensure supply chain, and sales departments shareholders, is over halfway completed
a leading position in our core markets of took a multi-dimensional approach to and on track to be completed by the
the exceptional approach
Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. achieve significant improvements in end of 2025. With over 20,000 workers
taken by our employees efficiency and cost-effectiveness, with mobilised at peak times on a site of over
Borouge managed to maintain outstanding targeted optimisations in shipping, 3.4 million square metres – equivalent to
through innovative thinking,
sales volumes in 2023, while also packaging and supply chain contracts. 500 football pitches – this is a project of
meticulous planning achieving healthy price premia across considerable scale that requires seamless
our polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene Meanwhile, through an effective sales and coordination and world-class management.
and total commitment
(PP) product portfolio. These successes operation planning process, the revenue
to delivering operational were driven by superior technology, a optimisation plan succeeded in refining As one of the world’s largest ongoing
sustained focus on product differentiation our product mix to upsell high-margin industrial construction projects, Borouge
excellence, has enabled
and a strong understanding of customer products. Sales in differentiated segments 4 is stimulating the UAE’s manufacturing
the company to become demand and market dynamics. and higher net back regions increased sector, with over US$600 million worth
in 2023. The commercial team was also of orders awarded to companies in the
even stronger.
Meanwhile, our unique Value Enhancement instrumental in rebalancing the business country. UAE national professionals,
Programme, which was established at towards the most profitable markets who make up 46 percent of Borouge
the end of 2022 to produce sustainable through strategic price uplift initiatives. project’s employees, are playing a
Borouge now stands as one of
financial gains and business improvements, crucial role in delivering this multi-
the most resilient companies delivered exceptional results. In 2023, DIGITISATION DRIVING billion-dollar strategic growth project.
this programme of cost efficiencies and PRODUCTIVITY
in the sector globally,
revenue optimisation provided a positive The ongoing digitisation of our business STRONG PROGRESS
operationally and financially, impact to EBITDA of US$607 million (versus processes helped drive internal efficiencies. ON ESG
a 2022 baseline), more than 50 percent A targeted programme of 10 digital Inspired by the UAE’s Net Zero Strategic
and fully prepared to press
above our original target of US$400 million. transformation projects were implemented Initiative, Borouge has made a commitment
ahead with further expansion.” during the year, resulting in significant to achieve net zero in its operations by
As a result, quarterly earnings increased financial and sustainability benefits. Six 2045, having successfully met its 2030
progressively during 2023 and the of the initiatives targeted substantive greenhouse gas (GHG) emission intensity
company achieved 16 percent year-on-year improvements in manufacturing processes, reduction targets seven years early as
net profit growth in the fourth quarter, while the other four enhanced productivity. part of the Al Ruwais Environmental
bringing full-year net profit to US$1 billion. The programme has delivered sustainable Sustainability Programme. With the energy
With an EBITDA margin of 38 percent in long-term benefits, through improved transition fully underway in the UAE,
2023, and a large portion of the year’s cost yields and reduced energy consumption and other key markets, we believe that
efficiencies expected to be sustainable, and greenhouse gas emissions. Borouge has a meaningful role to play in
Borouge is well positioned to continue providing the materials needed to build
to deliver industry-leading profitability. In addition, Borouge introduced a renewable and clean energy infrastructure,
digital tool to facilitate planning and including piping and high-voltage cabling.
INDUSTRY-LEADING implementation of maintenance
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE turnarounds involving thousands of We continue to focus on investing in
Driving operational excellence was core employees and contractors, significantly product innovation, building global
to our success last year, as demonstrated enhancing personnel and asset safety, relationships and collaborating with
by the high utilisation rates of 101 as well as improving productivity. partners to promote growth in sustainable
percent for PE and 97 percent for PP, a applications. Through innovation, we
significant increase from 2022 levels. Also, to enhance our Sales & Marketing continue to explore avenues to increase
operations, we implemented a new the addition of recyclates – or recycled
The Value Enhancement Programme customer relationship management raw materials – across our product
produced ongoing business improvements, system driving greater commercial portfolio. A key facet of our approach is
reducing fixed and variable costs, efficiency and effectiveness in the engagement with customers and value
improving logistics, and optimising engagement with our customers. chain partners to share expertise and

=== [AR2023.pdf p8] ===
14 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 15
CEO’S STATEMENT – CONTINUED
drive the creation of sustainable solutions and total commitment to delivering
that reduce CO emissions and remove operational excellence, has enabled the
2
plastic waste from the environment aimed company to become even stronger.
at reducing emissions and furthering Borouge now stands as one of the
our circular economy ambitions. most resilient companies in the
This process has been complemented sector globally, operationally and
by our growing network of financially, and fully prepared to press
strategic partnerships focussing ahead with further expansion.
on increasing recycling rates.
Borouge is proud to bring people I would like to express my sincere gratitude
together in a diverse working environment to all our employees, who have displayed
reflective of a UAE national champion tremendous professionalism and devotion
operating on the international stage. We in the past year to deliver an outstanding
are investing further in our people, and operational performance. I would also
Emiratisation programme, to ensure like to extend my appreciation to our
the nation continues to benefit from shareholders, customers and business
world-class technical and leadership partners for their continued support and
skills in the coming years. We have also trust, and to our Chairman and Board of
set a target to achieve 20 percent female Directors for their consistent strategic
representation in the workforce by 2030. guidance, which is transforming Borouge
into a global leader in our industry.
THE NEXT PHASE OF GROWTH
While 2023 was a challenging year for
the global industry, the exceptional
approach taken by our employees through Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi
innovative thinking, meticulous planning Chief Executive Officer

=== [AR2023.pdf p9] ===
16 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 17
OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
Creating long-term value
As a trusted global leader in premium polyolefins
solutions, Borouge is ideally placed to leverage its
strengths and competitive advantages to grow
and create sustainable value for our shareholders
and stakeholders.
Global polyolefins platform with Powered by technology and ROBUST INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT WITH LEADER IN PREMIUM DIFFERENTIATED
advantaged cost position building enhanced by close value Robust industry environment with STRONG LONG-TERM DEMAND GROWTH POLYOLEFIN SOLUTIONS
on world-class facilities chain collaboration strong long-term demand growth We serve high growth markets in Asia Pacific, the Middle East COMMANDING PREMIUM PRICES
and Africa, which account for 69 percent of the global polyolefins The differentiation and value-add of our products is
demand and are expected to account for 85 percent of the forecast directly reflected in our realised prices, which command
Leader in premium differentiated Strong financial profile and Sustainability focus and global growth between 2023 - 2027. Demand in our focus markets healthy premiums above industry benchmarks through-
polyolefins solutions commanding reliable through-the-cycle commitment to drive is expected to outstrip supply and outpace GDP growth. the-cycle. In the markets we serve, we strive to achieve
premium prices dividend capacity industry transition leading positions in durable applications, infrastructure and
Our customer solutions address global megatrends, including growing our portfolio of circular economy solutions.
expanding populations and the rapid growth of emerging
INVESTMENT CASE economies, ecommerce, food waste and scarcity, circular This unique product positioning is supported by the
economies, water access and sanitation, and the energy transition. strength of our direct sales channels, which also enable the
These megatrends contribute to higher demand for our products generation of premiums, with consistently superior quality
through both traditional material substitution and new applications. solutions based on customer engagement and feedback.
GLOBAL POLYOLEFINS PLATFORM WITH ADVANTAGED POWERED BY BORSTAR® TECHNOLOGY AND
COST POSITION BUILDING ON WORLD-CLASS FACILITIES ENHANCED BY CLOSE VALUE CHAIN COLLABORATION
We own and operate one of the largest single-site integrated Leveraging the Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® technology
polyolefins platforms, with annual production capacity of 5 million is a key component in our sustainable competitive
STRONG FINANCIAL PROFILE AND RELIABLE SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AND COMMITMENT
tonnes. Growth in scale has been achieved while maintaining advantage, enabling the production of polyolefin grades
THROUGH-THE-CYCLE DIVIDEND CAPACITY TO DRIVE INDUSTRY TRANSITION
industry-leading levels of asset reliability and operational with special properties and superior processability. We drive
Our industry-leading financial performance reflects our unique Our sustainability ethos, transparent reporting and long-
excellence. All mega project expansions have been delivered continuous innovation across the entire value chain and all
competitive positioning. Resilient sales volumes have resulted term, ambitious environmental efficiency targets in our
on time and on budget. The next chapter in our growth story areas of our business and global innovation network.
in healthy revenue and EBITDA generation over time. operations set us apart in our industry. Our solutions are
is Borouge 4* which surpassed its 50 percent completion
safe, durable, lightweight and are found on applications that
milestone during 2023 and will add 1.4 million tonnes per Technological differentiation is complemented by a strategically
Strong top- and bottom-line performance is driven by our address global challenges, such as food security, improved
annum of polyethylene capacity to the platform by 2025. located marketing footprint across target geographies. This is
scale, premium products and track record of reliability. This healthcare, and access to energy, water and sanitation.
Our strong financial performance benefits from a first quartile made possible by strong direct sales channels in Asia Pacific,
is demonstrated by through-the-cycle profitability, high
position on the global cost curve. This is driven by: competitively the Middle East and Africa, to which 90 percent of sales
margins relative to peers and strong cash flow generation We continuously invest in innovation to strengthen
priced, long-term and secure feedstock contracts with our major volume is delivered – a much higher portion than the industry
allowing for ample dividends to shareholders. our competitive advantages and improve the
shareholder; a young asset base with 90 percent of assets under 12 average. Distribution capability is further strengthened by a
quality and sustainability of our products.
years old; and one of the largest single-site integrated polyolefins network of logistics hubs in nine international locations, as well
complexes in the world, offering significant economies of scale. as an operating partnership with Abu Dhabi’s Khalifa Port.
*Borouge 4 was carved out from Borouge Plc prior to the IPO and is intended to be re-contributed into Borouge after completion at
the end of 2025. The Borouge 4 project is being fully managed by Borouge on behalf of the project owners, ADNOC and Borealis.

=== [AR2023.pdf p10] ===
18 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 19
MARKET REVIEW
ADDRESSING GLOBAL SERVING HIGH GROWTH WITH DEMAND OUTSTRIPPING
MEGATRENDS MARKETS SUPPLY
Global demand for polyolefin products Our strong business model and
grew in 2023, supported by economic balanced portfolio helped us to produce
growth in the Middle East and Asia a resilient result in 2023, despite
Global polyolefins demand Global polyethylene supply/demand
Pacific while additional capacity came challenging conditions faced in the additions (mt/y)4
Growth in population and
on stream, current trends provided petrochemical sector. Looking ahead emerging economies
Forecast 2023 – 2027
opportunities for innovative and more into 2024, with the continued growth of
complex products that played into our our target markets and differentiated
differentiated PE and PP solutions. sectors, we remain strongly positioned
Healthcare and hygiene 17.3
31%
due to our robust fundamentals. demand
201mt/y
15.1
60%
Food waste and scarcity 9%
ASIA PACIFIC ROTW MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
(REST OF THE WORLD)
Circular economy
69%
Water access and
sanitation
Borouge Markets
85% 4.6%
Energy transition
Forecast global Forecast Additions to global supply
growth CAGR Additions to global demand
Sources: Company Information, CMA
1 As of 2023
2 Figure not reconciling with Global Polyolefins Demand chart due to rounding
3 2022 – 2026 CAGR
4 2022 – 2026 based on announced capacity additions only
MACROECONOMIC AND POLITICAL by central banks in order to moderate Amidst this challenging business climate,
FACTORS THAT SHAPED 2023 inflation rate. This impacted consumption Borouge was still able to grow total sales
while increasing cost of capital. volumes in line with polyolefin demand
By the start of 2023, the global economy
leveraging our brand as a quality polyolefin
had emerged from the constraints imposed
In our sector, demand growth returned supplier with robust logistics network,
by the pandemic lockdowns. While the
for polyolefin products (polyethylene well-balanced product portfolio and strong
conflict between Russia and Ukraine
and polypropylene). At the same time, sales organisation across different regions.
continued, oil and energy prices were not
supply growth continued to outpace
as high as in 2022. The returning positive
demand growth as new plant capacity
sentiment was short-lived as emerging
continued to come onstream.
risks to growth came from the Chinese
Overall, these factors resulted in an
property sector and the financial sector
oversupplied polyolefin market within a
in the US and Europe. These risks were
difficult global economic environment.
exacerbated by tightening monetary policy

=== [AR2023.pdf p11] ===
20 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 21
infrastructure, and the expansion of the and electric vehicles in these markets and 85 percent of the demand growth
middle class, our polyolefin products meet requires lighter materials, including between 2023 and 2027, we expect this
EXPECTED PO DEMAND GROWTH growing needs for advanced packaging. polyolefins, to improve energy efficiencies. will generate growth of 4.6 percent CAGR
OVER 2023-2027
in sales of polyolefins in the same period.
Water access and sanitation are being Another growing opportunity for Borouge
(in mt/y) REGIONAL KEY GROWTH DRIVERS improved in many of our target markets, is the provision of better healthcare and In the long term, we anticipate that
requiring the installation of large, durable improved hygiene in emerging economies, growing demand, strong macroeconomic
4.4% 1.6%
and high-performance polyolefin piping creating demand for advanced polyolefin fundamentals, new global trends and
85% INDUSTRIALISATION for water distribution, and reliable sewage grades for medical appliances, devices, the emergence of new applications will
14.6
• A cceleration of industrialisation in and wastewater pipes for drainage. and protective equipment and apparel. underpin solid growth in our product
China, Southeast Asia and the Indian Similarly, new infrastructure required volumes. Specifically, Borouge’s key
subcontinent and subsequently to facilitate the transition to renewable The aggregate effect of these trends markets in Asia Pacific are expected
OF GLOBAL PE 2.6 rising demand for polyolefins energy technologies depends on power results in a substantial economic growth to continue being net polyolefins
DEMAND GROWTH • D ownstream and manufacturing transmission cables, sheathed in polyolefin forecast for these markets, which has importers, as positive drivers such as
EXPECTED TO industries development in the Gulf products, for new distribution networks a knock-on impact on demand for expanding infrastructure and the shift
COME FROM ASIA
Cooperation Council (GCC) countries to and undersea cabling to connect to our products. With our target markets to renewable energy absorb much of
PACIFIC AND MEA PE DEMAND GROWTH
diversify the economy from hydrocarbons offshore wind platforms. The evolution of accounting for 69 percent of global the additional product manufactured.
Asia Pacific ROTW CAGR the automotive industry to produce hybrid demand for polyolefin products in 2023
and MEA (Rest of 2023-2027
(Middle East the World) INVESTMENTS IN INFRASTRUCTURE
& Africa) • R esumption of investment in infrastructure
in China and India and in the GCC
countries, both urban and rural areas
• D evelopment of a broadband
network in India’s rural areas
(in mt/y)
URBANISATION
4.8% 2.4%
85% • I ncreased migration to cities and
subsequent urban development
12.6
in China, Southeast Asia, and
the Indian subcontinent
2.4 • S ignificant construction and renovation
OF GLOBAL PP
DEMAND GROWTH of urban pipeline network in China
EXPECTED TO
COME FROM ASIA RISING MIDDLE-CLASS
PACIFIC AND MEA PP DEMAND GROWTH • H igher spending power has further
expanded the market for consumer
Asia Pacific ROTW CAGR goods in China, Southeast Asia,
and MEA (Rest of 2023-2027
(Middle East the World) and the Indian subcontinent
& Africa)
Source: CMA
1 - Middle East and Africa
2 - Rest of the World
BOROUGE WILL BENEFIT Amidst the more challenging economic Consumption patterns shift towards
FROM SIGNIFICANT GROWTH climate, major infrastructure projects higher value products and more durable
IN TARGET MARKETS continue to be commissioned in China, goods, fuelling demand for polyolefin-
India, GCC and Africa from various based components and packaging.
In our Asia Pacific, Middle East and
stimulus and lending programmes.
Africa markets, underlying growth is still
Substantial contributors include Polyolefins are versatile products suitable
robust, albeit with some divergences
the Indian development of new for a range of applications across a broad
among economic sectors and regions.
manufacturing plants in the high-tech spectrum of sectors, from domestic
Given these generally positive trends,
sector, Chinese stimulus announcements products and perishable food to major
Borouge is well-placed to maximise
on infrastructure investment and infrastructure projects, agriculture,
opportunities with our product portfolio.
GCC countries continuing with large vehicles and the medical sector.
industrial and infrastructure projects.
Rapid urbanisation and industrialisation in
Many of the countries in our target market
China, Southeast Asia, GCC and the Indian
As these economies improve the living have historically grappled with food
subcontinent are fuelling requirements
standards of their resident populations, waste and sub-optimal agricultural yields.
for polyolefin products. GCC countries
a larger urban-based middle class with Polyolefin packaging can extend the shelf-
continue to diversify their economies away
higher spending power emerges and life of foodstuffs and other perishables, and
from oil and gas, and into sectors that
the desire for consumer goods rises. agricultural films can substantially improve
increase requirements for PE and PP.
crop yields. Combined with population
growth, rapid urbanisation, investment in

=== [AR2023.pdf p12] ===
22 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 23
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Sustainable value creation
for our stakeholders
Our business model differentiates
Borouge in our sector and unlocks
sustainable value for all our stakeholders
through the strength of our people and
commitment to continuous innovation.
Inputs Unlocking sustainable value... For all our
stakeholders…
Operational Scale: WHAT WE DO HOW WE MAKE A DIFFERENCE Our Shareholders
5.0mt/y Polyolefin Capacity We are a leading petrochemical company that provides
creative polyolefin solutions for a wide range of industries.
38% $1.625
bn
Young Asset Base: 90 percent of the Adjusted EBITDA Post-IPO
capacity is less than 13 years old margin dividend
SUSTAINABILITY SITS AT THE HEART OF OUR BUSINESS Expertise
Our People
100+ scientists, researchers, and technicians to drive innovation.
Borstar® Technology:
Powering innovation
310,000
Research Labs
Staff training hours
25 polymer research labs for analysis,
Differentiated Products: Estimated
80 percent of total sales processing and application testing.
Our Customers
New Product Innovation 97%
Long term feedstock agreement:
In place with ADNOC till 2057 More than 20% of Borouge’s annual sales volume Asset reliability
is derived from new product innovations.
Over 25 years of experience:
Our Communities + Environment
Delivering exceptional
shareholder returns Patents
657
Borouge has filed more than 1,100 patent applications.
Trusted Brands: Delivering Volunteer hours
exceptional shareholder returns
Addressing Global Challenges
Our solutions are safe, durable, lightweight and are found on
applications which address global challenges, such as food
security, improved healthcare, access to energy, water and
sanitation. We are also growing our circular solutions and
innovation for differentiated sustainable solutions everyday.

=== [AR2023.pdf p13] ===
24 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 25
OUR STRATEGY
EXCELLENCE
In order to achieve our vision to be the recognised leader THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024
AND BEYOND
in creative polyolefins solutions that have a positive
HSE and • HSE focus through site-led • Started a task force to have • HSE excellence initiative focusing
impact on society today and tomorrow, we have adopted operational improvement programmes improved focus on Asset integrity on Asset Integrity Process
excellence reflecting safety priorities Process safety initiative Safety, learning from incidents,
a focused strategy to drive our business, based around
• Emphasis on maintaining high • Implemented the fully digitalised contractor management, leading
three pillars. We ensure that all our business decisions are operational reliability while Work Management System indicators, HSE competency and
growing production and capacity process in Borouge 2 turnaround HSE collaboration is ongoing
clearly aligned with our strategy and that our employees • Operational and capex costs • Improved focus on road safety • Asset integrity and process
optimisation to drive attractive via implementing in Vehicle safety transformation is ongoing
are clear how they contribute under these pillars.
margins and shareholder returns Monitoring System in Borouge • Environmental focus to
• Strong ESG track record and contractor vehicles capture fugitive emissions
• Implemented reward and • Strengthening our upset
Our strategic pillars: recognition system for contractors investigation and resolution
• Strengthened our reliability through training and close
performance with electrical collaboration between all
reliability, utilities reliability operations functions, supported
01 and extruder reliability by new state-of-the-art systems
Excellence as main focus areas • Focus on eliminating bad
actors, supported by enhanced
data gathering and analysis
• Centralised Predictive
Analytics Diagnostics to
support in identifying reliability
concerns well in time
• Identify options for
02 dry-end debottlenecking
Growth • Continue the asset criticality
analysis exercise to secure
critical spare parts availability
• Further build on visual
management to create awareness
• Optimise and identify more
synergies between Operations
and Projects and Technical
Services to further strengthen our
03
technical knowledge transfer
Identity
Innovation • Proprietary Borealis Borstar® • Launched 5 new polypropylene • Establish modelling and simulation
excellence technology yields superior products for infrastructure, competence to aid polymer and
product properties mobility, fibre and advanced application design, including
• Continuously innovating packaging applications recyclated polyolefin compounds
with at least 20% new • Launched 3 new polyethylene • Enhance value through our
products in the portfolio products for infrastructure, Packaging Centre of Excellence
• Strong focus on innovation, recyclable packaging and to develop and market circular
further complemented through jacketing data cables packaging solutions
collaboration with Borealis • Supported our Circular • Further leverage partnership with
• Development of Economy ambition with novel Borealis and extend collaboration
sustainable solutions recyclable mono-material in other areas like digitalisation
flexible packaging solutions
EXCELLENCE GROWTH IDENTITY • Surpassed 1,100 active patent
HSE and operational excellence Growing portfolio of Strong and cohesive identity and culture cases protecting our differentiated
differentiating solutions and sustainable product portfolio
Innovation excellence Corporate citizenship and ESG
Growing circular economy solutions commitment
Commercial excellence
Value accretive capacity Borouge branding
expansion projects

=== [AR2023.pdf p14] ===
26 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 27
EXCELLENCE GROWTH
THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024 Growing circular • Significant growth of mono-material
AND BEYOND economy business driven by the increasing
solutions demand of brand owners and
Commercial • Provide premium differentiated • Rolled out 22 training courses • Continue agile tactical adjustment value chain partners for easy-
excellence solutions across the largest under the umbrella of Borouge and dynamic balancing to to-recycle packaging systems
and fastest growing markets Commercial Academy - a first address market situation
• A fully recyclable PE laminate
• Leverage direct sales network ever comprehensive integrated • Streamline customer experience with oxygen barrier was co-
to build intelligence and curriculum built in-house for the through digitalisation developed with partners from the
tailor products to capitalise growth and development of our packaging value chain by using
customer demand commercial professionals. the advanced Machine-Direction
• Implement dynamic business • Introduced new territory design Orientation (MDO) technology
management to achieve “Perfect Sales Execution” to manufacture these films. This
optimal margin realisation • Started account engagement innovative solution has been
campaigns using new CRM tool showcased at the 2023 Arabplast
exhibition with positive response
GROWTH from industry and customers
THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024 • Conducting a waste value chain
AND BEYOND study through collaboration with
potential key partners across
Growing • Deliver improved product • Achieved premium over product • Continue to drive differentiation Borouge territories, which is
portfolio of differentiation through our benchmark for PE of $215 per tonne and achieve premia over product the base for further business
differentiating Borstar® PE, Borstar® PP and and for PP of $125 per tonne benchmarks through-the-cycle. growth in the circular space
solutions BorlinkTM technology platforms • Increased share of BorSafeTM Management guidance for Value accretive • Borouge 4 development aligned • Continue to drive differentiation • Ensure project is on track and
• Grow sales in infrastructure polyethylene pressure pipe products premia over product benchmark capacity with Borouge 2030 Strategy and achieve premia over product meeting HSE standards
solutions, driven by increase diversified and differentiated of $200 per tonne for PE and expansion • Increase total polymer production benchmarks through-the-cycle.
in pressure pipes portfolio ranging from coloured $140 per tonne for PP projects from 5.0 mt/y to 6.4mt/y Management guidance for
• Grow sales in demanding gas pipes to extra thick wall • Continuously grow in circular premia over product benchmark
energy segments industrial pipe solutions and and durable value-added of $200 per tonne for PE and
growth in water pipe market product segments with $140 per tonne for PP
• Grow sales in advanced packaging
and circular economy solutions • Increased sales of Borlink™ insulation differentiated solutions • Borouge 4 surpassed 50%
material for high voltage power cables • Prepare for the next major completion milestone
• Ensure safe and smooth
start-up of new assets • Increased sales of Borstar® step to grow capacity and • Borouge 4 engineering
polyethylene for differentiated sales with Borouge 4 procurement and construction
caps and closures, and of • Drive wider adoption of BorSafeTM phase (EPC) is ongoing,
Borstar® polypropylene pressure pipes with improved and project is on track to be
copolymers for advanced crack resistance (PE100RC) completed as scheduled in 2025
packaging and pipe solutions to drive differentiation and
• Sold 450kt from our fifth elevate quality of pressure
polypropylene unit PP5 in its pipes in the market IDENTITY
second year of operation THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024
AND BEYOND
Growing circular • Borouge Circular Economy • Established a network of more • Develop unique virgin polyolefins
economy Strategy and recycling than 18 recycling partners solutions to enable incorporation Strong and • Performance-driven culture • Successfully completed 24 • Brand Ambassador Programme:
solutions roadmap development across Borouge territories of high content of PCR (Post cohesive with continuous development programmes with more than 400+ Launch a brand ambassador
• Develop partnerships and • Completed 30 Polymers on the Consumer Recyclate) in identity and of workforce productivity participants for the Talent Ecosystem programme to empower
marketing strategies of Move (POTM) outreach events consumer solutions – reaching culture • Key contributor to national to accelerate career growth employees as advocates
recyclates offerings targeting reaching 7291 students levels of min. 25% and above. talent development initiatives • Successfully completed 28 sessions of the company culture
• Develop and promote design with 217 volunteer-hours form our Substantially grow the recyclate by engaging 200+ Supervisors and • Implement a communication
concepts with recyclability employees and participated in 17 business through partnerships Operators to start the utilisation of strategy that consistently reinforces
in mind and increase sales external seminars and exhibitions and own growth initiatives Borouge Competency Management the organisation’s values through
of Borouge virgin material • Developed multiple current virgin • Develop innovative value- System supporting the career internal channels. Utilise multimedia
• Promote awareness through applications to incorporate post- added PCR/PO compounds growth of 428 employees platforms to tell compelling stories
advocacy and communication consumer recycled polyolefin for various applications to • Successfully completed that highlight the cultural identity
in flexible and rigid consumer increase value and circularity Leadership & Soft-skill in house
solutions. Typical examples: • Continue to further increase development programmes
a) PCR PE content in collation innovative solutions in product • Successfully implemented HSE
shrink film is adopted and design through Design for Training for 4,125 participants,
commercialised by a global Recyclability (DfR) initiative with 25,450 man-hour trainings
beverage brand owner, and b) PCR • Continue to promote education
PP content in heavy-duty storage and advocacy of youth through our
box have been launched by a bespoke Polymers on the Move
regional brand owner to achieve educational programme POTM
national’s sustainability target

=== [AR2023.pdf p15] ===
28 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 29
IDENTITY IDENTITY
THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024 THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2023 PLANS FOR 2024
AND BEYOND AND BEYOND
Strong and • Hosted over 103 international • Cohesive Onboarding Experience: Corporate • Continue to collaborate with • Launched the 2045 Net • Drive the Asset Integrity Process
cohesive students as part of Borouge’s Redesign the onboarding process citizenship communities and employees Zero commitment and the Safety and HSE excellence
identity and internship programmes to immerse new hires in the and ESG to strengthen our relationships, gender balance target Journey through the Technical
culture • Introduction of Marhaba Ruwais, a company culture from day one. commitment accountability and reputation • Ran several CSR programmes, Training Center implementation of
new Onboarding Programme 2023 Include mentorship programmes • Strong history of supporting our impacting more than 4,800 people the new competency framework
for Borouge 4 new employees and and interactive orientations local communities and fostering in the regions in which we operate • Personal Development Plans
already conducted in Technical • Mentorship Programmes: long-term and mutually beneficial • All-time record of community availabilities implementation for
Training Center for 3 Batches Establish mentorship partnerships and social initiatives outreach, with more than 11,000 Successors, Leaders, and JG 11+
• Integration & mobilisation of 73 programmes that connect people in our communities • Application Enhancements and
experienced hires and 34 from experienced employees with positively impacted by our Automation System Programme
ADNOC Technical Academy newer team members bespoke CSR programme • ASK General ticket
• Developed a clear Performance • Flexible Work Arrangements: • Continued the dialogue with service completion
Management campaign and Enhance flexibility in work the community about the • Business Support savings
successfully completed around arrangements to accommodate value of polyolefins and the
50 live talks across the company diverse needs and promote importance of circularity • Continue progressing the RESP
and 15 meetings plus 4 dedicated work-life balance. Leverage • Focus on the immediate
• Employees spent over 430
sessions for night shift employees technology for remote next steps of our 2045 net-
hours volunteering in a wide
collaboration while maintaining zero and gender balance
range of programmes
a strong sense of connection commitments in ESG strategy
• Continued committing to
• Employee Recognition • Increase our community
the Al Ruwais Environmental
Programme: Introduce a engagement programmes
Sustainability Programme (RESP),
simple yet effective recognition focused on outreach and
a multi-year environmental
programme to acknowledge and greater positive impact
programme which aims to
celebrate employee achievements.
enhance the sustainability • Continue to explore the
This can include shout-outs
of operations by reducing, potential opportunities for
in team meetings, or even
GHG emissions, water and further decarbonisation
small tokens of appreciation
energy consumption
• Casual Virtual Check-Ins:
Encourage leaders and team
members to have casual virtual Borouge • Recognised leader for innovative • Launched brand profiling • Continue to strengthen the brand,
check-ins. These informal branding polyolefins solutions campaign to boost awareness targeting customers and key
meetings can strengthen • Drive the industry transition about Borouge segments in which we operate
relationships, address concerns,
and enhance sustainability • Worked closely with industry as • Publish 2023 sustainability report
and foster a more relaxed and
part of expanding scope of work • Highlight Borouge’s role as
open communication style
as a publicly listed company UAE’s innovation and product
• Launch 2024 Talent programme to
• Participated in local and global development champion
strengthen our leadership pipeline
industry events to reinforce • Increase focus on sustainability
• Engage top young talent in positioning as a global leader communications and campaigns
our international mobility in the petrochemical industry
programme “ Tajheez”
• Updated social media strategy to
• Establish a talent pool strengthen public engagement
programme to enhance and improve targeting of
business and leadership skills strategic audiences
of 20 talented individuals
• Increase awareness of
transformational coaching by
engaging employees and line
managers to the platform
• Increase Digital Signature
Certificates and maintenance
certification percentage to
support knowledge retention
and emiratisation

=== [AR2023.pdf p16] ===
30 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 31
OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION
BRINGING SPECIALTY SOLUTIONS TO THE CHINESE ENERGY MARKET
Borouge and Borealis are working to demonstrate our commitment Borlink™ & Borstar® offering made in
together to facilitate the construction to advancing sustainable energy Ruwais are also produced in Borealis
of key energy projects in China by solutions and leadership in high voltage assets, including semicons designed
providing advanced polymer solutions XLPE submarine cable insulation. for power cable applications;
required in the renewable energy, • Silane cross-linked halogen free
power and communication sectors. Borouge is supporting the flame retardant (HFFR) compound
energy transition by providing a wide for solar cable applications;
In September, we signed agreements range of insulating compounds and • ADCA-free foamed insulation
with leading cable makers in China to semicons with products including: designed for communication cables
advance the construction of high-quality
offshore wind power projects through
the supply of products from our • Borlink™ XLPE insulating compound
Cross-Linked Polyethylene (XLPE) and medium/high density
assets based in the UAE. These projects Borstar® PE cable jacketing
are a core component of the programme solutions designed for energy and
planned to meet China’s ‘Dual Carbon’ communication applications;
goals and provide the opportunity • C omplimentary products to the

=== [AR2023.pdf p17] ===
32 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 33
OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION –
CONTINUED
POLYOLEFINS CONTRACTS FOR BOROUGE 4 INFRASTRUCTURE CIRCULAR SOLUTION FOR COLLATION SHRINK FILM
Borouge is working with two leading energy solution providers and industrial National Oil Company (ADNOC) Borouge has worked closely with consumer recycled polyethylene collation shrink, but incorporating post-
regional energy solution and pipe manufacturing businesses, will produce In-Country Value (ICV) programme; Corys Packaging LLC, a leading for Corys Packaging. consumer recycled (PCR) polyethylene
manufacturers to supply materials low-voltage and medium-voltage cables 60 percent of the award value will UAE flexible packaging producer, to in collation shrink film solutions can
that will be used to produce energy to power Borouge 4 using Borouge’s flow back into the UAE’s economy. develop a collation shrink film solution Shrink wrap, inclusive of collation be challenging without compromising
and infrastructure applications in energy solutions. UPI, one of the MENA Furthermore, Borouge 4 will enable to meet their local and global brand packaging, is used extensively in the on packaging quality and integrity.
the construction of the Borouge 4 region’s largest rugged and durable the next phase of growth at Al Ruwais customers needs for packaging consumer and industrial segments to
project, the next major extension of pipe manufacturers, will use Borouge’s Industrial City and supply feedstock to that supports their sustainability effectively bundle multiple products, However, the combined formulation
our world-class Al Ruwais Industrial ‘Made in UAE’ solutions to produce the TA’ZIZ Industrial Chemicals Zone. requirements while maintaining and and allow for branding opportunities developed for Corys Packaging
City polyolefins complex. pressure pipes for the cooling and These arrangements demonstrate enhancing existing quality standards. to enhance shelf appeal. Collation delivers excellent processability and
public sanitation system of Borouge 4. our commitment to the UAE’s ICV shrink film often reduces the need for shrinkage, and optimal toughness
We secured two new contracts worth a programme and the quality of our Leveraging our comprehensive and excessive packaging, making it an with high holding strength.
combined value of AED 55 million (USD The development of Borouge 4, innovative product portfolio, by providing high-quality mechanically recycled attractive choice for brand owners
15 million) to supply polyolefins to Ducab managed by our team on behalf of locally sourced and ‘Made in UAE’ polyolefin portfolio, we developed a opting for sustainable packaging This development by Borouge
and Union Pipes Industry (UPI). Ducab, our major shareholders, ADNOC and solutions capable of contributing at the circular collation shrink solution that solutions. There is increased demand paves the way for more sustainable
one of the UAE’s largest home-grown Borealis, supports the Abu Dhabi core of a strategic project of this scale. incorporates 50 percent post- to design sustainable solutions for packaging applications.

=== [AR2023.pdf p18] ===
34 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 35
OUR VALUE CHAIN
Borouge’s extensive footprint across the entire
polyolefins value chain allows us to adopt a ‘system
A world leading
developer’ approach. With innovation and sustainability
polyolefins player –
initiatives anchoring end-to-end operations and
end-to-end value chain marketing activities, Borouge is poised to remain
an agile player and a responsible corporate citizen
presence
in the constantly evolving market landscape.
FEEDSTOCK OLEFINS POLYOLEFINS COMPOUNDING
FROM ADNOC PRODUCTION PRODUCTION
Secure competitive feedstock Optimise monomer operations Maximise output of polymers Produce value-added
from ADNOC via safe and efficient operation based on business plan and automotive-focused PP
of world-scale crackers prevailing market conditions compounds in China
SALES AND DISTRIBUTION RECYCLING
MARKETING
Maintain productive and value- Design and operate a Evaluate various mechanical recycling and
laden customer experience resilient supply chain chemical recycling solutions for Borouge
in all Borouge regions network with service partners circular roadmap implementation

=== [AR2023.pdf p19] ===
36 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 37
BUSINESS REVIEW “2023 was an outstanding year for our In 2023, Borouge of multiple integrated operating units.
Launched in 2001, the Borouge complex
operations. We achieved both record continued to focus on consists of our original plant (Borouge
Operations
polyolefins production levels and maximising production 1), followed by four expansions (Borouge
1 expansion, Borouge 2, Borouge 3
and process efficiency
exceptional asset reliability and utilisation, and PP5). Over the past two decades,
while ensuring safe and Borouge has increased its production
driven by our focus on operational
capacity of polyolefins tenfold.
reliable operations from
excellence. We successfully completed
our world-class modern The complex has a total polyolefins
the major turnaround on our Borouge 2
and young asset base. capacity of 5.0 million tonnes/year
facilities and continued the ramp up of (approximately 2.8 million tonnes/year
of polyethylene and approximately 2.2
production from our fifth polypropylene
We delivered robust performance, with million tonnes/year of polypropylene),
unit (PP5) towards its design capacity. a 9 percent increase in total production as illustrated in the graph below.
volume, industry-leading utilisation rates,
effective cost control and first quartile Additionally, Borouge owns and operates a
We have made good progress in the health and safety performance. Compounding Manufacturing Plant (CMP)
in Shanghai, China, with a production
development of Borouge 4, which is
Our petrochemical production site is a capacity of approximately 90kt/y, focusing
on schedule for completion by the end fully integrated production complex in on advanced polypropylene-based
Al Ruwais Industrial City, which consists compounds for automotive applications.
of 2025. As well as adding significant
capacity to our Al Ruwais Industrial
City complex, the plant will make a PRODUCTION CAPACITY (ANNUAL) ASSET RELIABILITY
major contribution to the UAE’s
B4
industrial growth. (6.4mt) 97%
PP5
At the same time, we have
>10X
B3
(5.0mt) 2023 overall run rate1
(4.5mt)
maintained an unwavering commitment EXPANSION ON TIME ON BUDGET
to achieving the highest standards
B2 B1
of health, safety and environmental
B1 (2.0mt)
B2
performance. Our dynamic approach to Expansion
B1 (600kt) B3
the operation and development of our (450kt)
PP5
Al Ruwais complex ensures that we
continue to enhance our position as 2001 2005 2010 2015 2022 2025
In execution
a world class supplier of innovative Source: Company Information
1 - Calculated as Total Available Hours (8,700 hours p.a.) reduced by the hours Developed and
polypropylene solutions.” of non availablity due to unscheduled events divided by total available hours. funded seperately by
ADNOC and Borealis
Dr Hasan Karam
Chief Operating Officer
BOROUGE 1 BOROUGE 2 BOROUGE 3 PP5
Production capacity (annual) PE1 300KT PE3 700KT PE4 540KT PP5 480KT
PE2 320KT PP1 400KT PE5 540KT
PP2 400KT PP3 480KT
PP4 470KT
LDPE 350KT
XLPE 1 80KT
Total Production capacity (annual) PE 620KT PE 700KT PE 1,510KT
PP 800KT PP 1950KT PP 480KT
Source: Company information 1 Calculated as Total Available Hours (8,760 hours per annum) reduced by the hours of non-availability divided by total available hours

=== [AR2023.pdf p20] ===
38 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 39
BUSINESS REVIEW – FEEDSTOCK FOR AL RUWAIS COMPLEX
OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
Our feedstock contracts are priced competitively and run for a long duration.
Our feedstock supplier is also one of our major shareholders thereby ensuring
FULLY INTEGRATED security of supply.
PRODUCTION COMPLEX
~5.0MT/Y ANNUAL 3,600kt/y Capacity
High-Density Polyethylene/
CAPACITY ETHANE PROPYLENE
Linear Low-Density Polyethylene
Supplier ADNOC Gas ~50% from ADNOC
Cross-linked Polyethylene Refining and ~50% from
internal Borouge sources
Volume No minimum off-take, no contractual cap
Contract start date Contracts entered in October 1998, with amendments to
reflect the additional volume requirements
Low-Density Polyethylene
Contract end date Current Feedstock Supply Agreement until 2057,
2,750kt/y capacity
includes a re-pricing mechanism due to take effect
in late November 2027, (pricing mechanism due to
be reviewed again in June 2045)
Source: Company information
Olefins
Conversion Unit
Polypropylene
2,230kt/y capacity
In 2023, our total polyolefin production 225kt/y, each using Borealis’ proprietary increasing polypropylene production
volume increased by 9 percent to 4.9 million Borstar® technology, which were expanded capacity to 2.2mt/y and total polyolefins
tonnes/year (mt/y) driven by excellent to an aggregate capacity of 620kt/y in 2005. production capacity to 5.0mt/y. The PP5
utilisation rates across all assets (PE 101 expansion enables Borouge to meet
percent and PP 97 percent utilisation). BOROUGE 2 customers’ demand for polypropylene
Borouge 2 encompasses an ethylene solutions across key target markets in the
Our plants are young, well-maintained plant with a capacity of 1,490kt/y, an Middle East, Asia Pacific and Africa.
and highly reliable. 90 percent of our olefins conversion unit producing 750kt/y
capacity is less than 13 years old and of propylene and 39kt/y of butene-1, an BOROUGE 4
runs year-round with limited to no additional swing bimodal high-density Borouge 4 is designed to encompass an
downtime. In 2023, we reached a record- polyethylene and linear low-density ethylene plant with a capacity of 1,500kt/y,
high overall asset reliability run-rate polyethylene unit with a capacity of 700kt/y a hexene-1 plant with a capacity of 75kt/y,
of 97 percent and achieved a quality using Borstar® technology and two two high-density and linear low-density
performance rate, measured as FTR (first polypropylene units each with a capacity polyethylene plants each with a capacity
time right production), of 96 percent. of 400kt/y using Borstar® technology. of 700kt/y, and a cross-linked polyethylene
unit with a capacity of 100kt/y. Borouge
To maintain these high standards of BOROUGE 3 AND PP5 4 was carved out from Borouge Plc
asset reliability, we undertake plant Borouge 3 encompasses an ethylene plant prior to the IPO and is intended to be
turnarounds on a five-year cycle. In 2023, with a capacity of 1,480kt/y, a butene-1 re-contributed into Borouge by the end
we completed the successful turnaround plant with a capacity of 28kt/y, two linear of 2025, which will increase our total
of Borouge 2 which was completed in low-density polyethylene and high-density production capacity to 6.4 million tonnes
the first quarter. The next turnaround polyethylene plants with capacity of 540kt/y per year. The Borouge 4 project is being
of Borouge 3 is scheduled for 2024. each, two Borstar® polypropylene plants fully managed by Borouge on behalf of the
with a capacity of 480kt/y and 470kt/y project owners, ADNOC and Borealis.
BOROUGE 1 respectively, a low-density polyethylene unit
Borouge 1 encompasses an ethylene plant with capacity of 350kt/y and a cross-linked The construction of the plant is ongoing
with capacity of 620kt/y and a butene-1 polyethylene unit with a capacity of 80kt/y. and achieved significant progress
plant with a capacity of 28kt/y, together in 2023. By the end of the year, the
with two swing bimodal high-density As the latest addition, Borouge 3, project achieved more than 50 percent
polyethylene and linear low-density encompasses our PP5 plant, which started- progress toward completion.
polyethylene units with a capacity of up in 2022, with a capacity of 480kt/y,

=== [AR2023.pdf p21] ===
40 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 41
BUSINESS REVIEW –
OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
Borouge 4
A key strategic project
BOROUGE 4 DEVELOPMENT ACHIEVES 50 PERCENT PROGRESS MILESTONE BOROUGE 4 TO BOOST TOTAL PRODUCTION CAPACITY TO 6.4MT/Y
In 2023, the US$6.2 billion (AED 22 from our other production units, Our focus on “100% HSE” will When the plant reaches full is intended to be re-contributed UAE, including over 200 process
billion) Borouge 4 facility project passed will form the new Borouge team. continue through the rest of the capacity, it will produce 1.4 million into Borouge by the end of 2025. vessels, several major process units,
the halfway mark in its development construction and commissioning tonnes of polyethylene annually, switchgear and structural steel, as well
and is on track to come on stream A detailed training programme has phase, and beyond into operations. boosting the Company’s total annual Managed by Borouge on behalf of as electrical cabling and High Density
before the end of 2025. When been put in place to underpin technical polyolefin production to 6.4 million the project owners, ADNOC and Polyethylene (HDPE) piping that is
complete, the addition of Borouge 4 competencies, provide Borouge tonnes per year and making Borealis, the Borouge 4 project will manufactured using Borouge products.
will make the Company’s polyolefin 4 specific operations simulator Borouge the world’s largest utilise the third generation of Borealis’
manufacturing complex in Al Ruwais training, embed our HSE culture and single-site polyolefin complex. proprietary Borstar® technology, Once in operation, Borouge 4 will
Industrial City, Abu Dhabi the world’s ensure new joiners are effectively to produce a product portfolio provide critical feedstock for the
largest single-site polyolefin complex. integrated to our organisation. Borouge 4 will also include focused on durable applications for TA’ZIZ Industrial Chemicals Zone
“In 2023, the
By the end of 2023, over 37 building Borouge’s second cross- energy, infrastructure, sustainable in Al Ruwais to enhance local
As well as making excellent million man-hours had been linked polyethylene (XLPE2) unit packaging, and agriculture sectors. industrial supply chains and boost
US$6.2 billion
progress needed for the safe and expended on the project. which will double the Company’s In-Country Value opportunities.
efficient operation of Borouge 4, (AED 22 billion) annual production of XLPE It will play a significant role in meeting
brownfield activities required to tie Throughout the development phase, the compounds that are critical for the projected demand growth for The project marks a major milestone
Borouge 4 into other units within safety of employees and contractors Borouge 4 facility energy and mobility sectors. polyolefins in the Middle East, in ADNOC’s downstream and
our complex are ahead of schedule. has been our absolute priority. Over Africa and Asia Pacific. The project industry expansion and will play a
project passed the
Preparations to ensure operational 400,000 hours of HSE training has Built to the highest standards, in line underscores Borouge’s commitment significant role in boosting the UAE’s
readiness are also underway. been conducted, supported by regular with our sustainability commitments, to operational excellence and is economic diversification, in line
halfway mark in its
management HSE walkdowns and Borouge 4 is being constructed to a testament to the Company’s with the Leadership’s directives.
During 2023, a programme of external engagement with the workforce, optimise energy efficiency and meet capability to successfully execute
development and
recruitment to secure the necessary together with HSE audits and emissions standards, benchmarked a world-scale complex and large
technical and operations talent was campaigns. As a result, there have is on track to come against global olefins plants, and is project, together with its majority
conducted. It successfully identified been no fatalities and only two lost time designed with facilities to enable tie- shareholders ADNOC and Borealis.
experienced and qualified external incidents (LTIs) to date, with our Total on stream before ins to future carbon capture units. More than 25 percent of the total
candidates who, alongside a selection Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) in the first Borouge 4 was carved out from materials and equipment of the
the end of 2025.”
of existing employees transferring quartile benchmarked against our peers. Borouge Plc prior to the IPO and complex are being made in the

=== [AR2023.pdf p22] ===
42 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 43
BUSINESS REVIEW – Our operational excellence programme leverages employees as well as our contractor partners. Our maintenance and reliability and energy improvement-
OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) existing expertise across our platforms to share safety programmes are designed to meet the highest driven projects will be implemented. During this scheduled
best practices, provide in-house technical support international and industry standards to minimise turnaround, key tie-ins related to the Borouge 4 project
RECORD-BREAKING PRODUCTION VOLUMES and facilitate cooperation to implement preventative potential risks to people, communities and assets. will also be implemented. The planned turnaround
2023 was a record breaking year for Borouge. Our asset and predictive processes, including assessment of of the Borouge 3 plant (330 kilo tonne impact in Q4
base achieved the highest ever annual polyolefin end-of-life for equipment and associated systems. We regularly train our employees to implement the 2024) and feedstock-related operational stop
production volume and total output, despite undertaking industry’s safest practices. We have one of the lowest (170 kilo tonne impact in Q1 2024) will have a total
a planned maintenance turnaround during the year. It aims to achieve consistently higher utilisation total recordable injury rates in the industry, with a production volume impact of 500 kilo tonnes in FY2024.
We also achieved the highest ever production rates, reduce energy consumption and in turn reduce current rate of 0.10 injuries per million hours worked. Throughout the year, we will focus on key milestones
from our individual crackers EU1 and EU3. This greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions over the medium term, related to operational readiness for Borouge 4, and
was driven by overall record processing asset consistent with our emissions reduction targets. It also We had an LTI figure of 0.08 in 2023 and we averaged we will continue to prioritise minimising our carbon
reliability, as the result of continuous improvements seeks to optimise outside resourcing and maintenance a lost time injury rate of 0.118 between 2019 and footprint as part of our Energy Roadmap 2030.
and expanding our production envelope. costs by challenging capital expenditure plans, 2023, which is in line with industry best-in-class.
including turnarounds, to improve efficiencies and to We had five cases of injury in 2023 including the
For polyolefins, we achieved the highest ever annual closely control maintenance capital expenditure levels. Borouge 4 construction project. None of these
production from our assets using Borealis’ Borstar® incidents resulted in any long-term consequences.
technology, both for polypropylene, boosted by the PP5 PRODUCT DIFFERENTIATION AND QUALITY
expansion, and for polyethylene. Several production units We achieve significant economies of scale as we Through the adoption of international best
established new individual annual and monthly records. operate one of the largest single-site polyolefins practice frameworks and continuous learning,
integrated complexes globally. Further, Borealis’ Borouge has developed a comprehensive health
In the second year of operation, we successfully proprietary Borstar® technology enables differentiation and safety management system. We are certified
ramped up production from our new PP5 unit at scale, contributing to our competitive advantage with to ISO 45001: 2018, ISO14001:2015, ISO 50001:
achieving rates close to the design capacity. high asset reliability and first-time-right production while 2018, and RC14001 standards which undergoes
maintaining superior quality. As a result, we are both annual independent audits. No major non-
In addition, during the Borouge 2 turnaround in dynamic with our assets and flexible in our operations, conformities were found during previous audits.
Q1 2023, several other projects were completed, which thus fulfilling highest levels of customer expectations. “We have one of the lowest
drove further operational performance improvements OPERATIONS IN 2024
and secured safe operations over the next cycle. PRIORITISING HEALTH, SAFETY AND In the year ahead, our production operations will total recordable injury rates
THE ENVIRONMENT (HSE) develop and implement various strategic initiatives in the industry, with a current
CONTINUING TO ENSURE We foster a culture of zero harm at our production and priority projects to prepare for our future growth.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE complex and across all our departments, as part During quarter four 2024, we have a scheduled rate of 0.10 injuries per million
Borouge’s operational excellence programme of our commitment to provide a safe and healthy turnaround covering all assets of Borouge 3,
hours worked.”
seeks to further enhance efficiency and working environment. Our 100% HSE strategy during which all necessary inspections, preventive
productivity by focusing on three key pillars: focuses on cultivating HSE leadership among all our
Process safety and asset reliability
The process safety and asset reliability pillar
encompasses site-led improvement programmes
(reflecting site specific process safety and reliability
priorities), the reliability programme (focusing on the
identification and elimination of risks proactively
as well as on lessons learned) and on design for
asset integrity and reliability.
Energy efficiency
The energy efficiency pillar encompasses energy
efficient designs, an immediate focus on operational
excellence supported by industry-leading monitoring
tools, and the identification and pursuit of further
efficiencies through select value accretive investments.
Cost optimisatoin
The cost optimisation pillar encompasses
capital deployment optimisation (i.e., optimising
capital expenditure and strictly reviewing
controllable costs), a central procurement
strategy and sharing of best practices.

=== [AR2023.pdf p23] ===
44 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 45
BUSINESS REVIEW “Borouge remains committed to its Borouge maintained momentum SEGMENTAL VOLUMES
towards a more diversified and sustainable SPLIT (2023, 5.1MT)
strategic focus on differentiated and offering by launching new products
Sales and Marketing
and adding more recycled polyolefins
sustainable infrastructure and consumer
to our portfolio, while continuing to
solution products. We strive to be a leader deliver growth in our core differentiated Product
business and achieving our highest- Group
in specialty and value-add segments
ever overall annual sales volumes.
in our core regions. In 2023, we met
Polyethylene (PE) 57%
In 2023, Borouge continued to
a challenging market environment by
deliver differentiated products to Polypropylene 41%
seeking out new opportunities and our customers, focusing on more (PP)
durable applications, infrastructure
working closely with our entire value Ethylene and 2%
and circular economy solutions. others
chain to innovate sustainable solutions,
Through our best-in-class, global Sales
to increase sales and achieve attractive
and Marketing operations, we achieved
price premia across our portfolio. We a significant increase in pipe sales by
continuing to work closely with our
were able to innovate, bringing new and
customers and innovating to adapt to
differentiated solutions to the market and their requirements, while launching new
products in a range of sectors, including Geography
drive further operational efficiency and
agriculture, energy and mobility.
effectiveness, underpinning our position
As a result, we continued to achieve Asia Pacific 62%
as a preferred partner in the regions which (APAC)
attractive and consistent price
we operate. premia across our portfolio, over Middle East and 29%
industry benchmark prices. Africa (MEA)
Rest of the 7%
The strength of our Sales & Marketing We continued the volume expansion World (RoW)
momentum enabled by our PP5 start-up
organisation, with its flexibility and agility, Ethylene and 2%
from 2022. Through close engagement with others
means that we are able to adapt quickly customers and value chain partners we
were able to sell out the capacity with the
to shifting market conditions and the
desired value in our core regions. Further
emerging requirements of our customers. progress was made in the year towards
the circular economy with more than 18 End
I am confident that we can build on the
new recyclates partnerships to explore Markets
achievements of 2023, as we continue sustainable applications. Two new mobility
grades made from up to 70 percent
to expand our sustainable and circular Consumer 57%
recycled materials were also launched. Solutions
economy offerings while delivering
The Company maintains its focus on Infrastructure 38%
increased production volumes from our Al Solutions
innovation, with approximately 20 percent
Ruwais complex to market and Shanghai of Borouge’s annual sales volume Other 5%
comprised of new products. The 2024
compounding facility to market.”
planned product pipeline includes new
innovations across our core segments
Rainer Hoefling of infrastructure, energy and mobility.
Chief Marketing Officer
These new solutions include the
introduction of new healthcare grades
to support our growth objectives in this
1 Consists of mobility and ethylene and others
differentiated value-add segment.

=== [AR2023.pdf p24] ===
46 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 47
BUSINESS REVIEW –
SALES AND MARKETING (CONTINUED)
DIFFERENTIATED PRODUCTS YIELDING PREMIUM PRICES INTEGRATED GO-TO-MARKET APPROACH
OUR MULTI-DIMENSIONAL APPROACH DRIVES CUSTOMER LOYALTY AND BRAND RECOGNITION
We define differentiated products
POLYETHYLENE 2021 2022 2023
as those having high technical $200
performance, high barriers to
Borouge 1,421 1,318 1,129
entry, high premium and high /TONNE
PE average
growth market opportunity. realised price1 Over-
the-cycle
Based on the above, we estimate
PE product 1,087 1,007 914 premia
that approximately 80 percent of our
benchmark2 guidance
polyolefin products are differentiated.
This has been achieved through our
integrated go-to-market approach Borouge PE 334 311 215
INNOVATION-LED PARTNERSHIP APPROACH EXTENSIVE DIRECT SALES PROFESSIONAL TECHNICAL
driving customer value-add, our use premium to
CUSTOMER SOLUTIONS ACROSS VALUE CHAIN NETWORK + INTELLIGENCE SERVICES
of Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® benchmark
technology (which comprises
advanced processability and
mechanical properties with a POLYPROPYLENE 2021 2022 2023
$140
high degree of recyclability) and High customer Strong industry Reinforces branding
continuously striving for innovation Borouge 1,313 1,222 1,016
/TONNE
through the development of new PP average loyalty recognition and identity
product grades and applications. realised price1 Over-
the-cycle
The tables opposite set out the PP product 1,166 1,014 891 premia
polyolefin realised prices relative benchmark2 guidance
to polyethylene and polypropylene
benchmarks for the three-year We serve approximately 3,000 segment, which includes pipe terms of end-use markets 3,000
Borouge PP 147 208 125
period from 2021 to 2023 and our customers in the consumer systems and energy solutions. as well as geographical
premium to
over-the-cycle premia guidance. solutions segment, which In addition, we sell our location. This allows us to
benchmark
include sustainable packaging, products to customers in adapt to focus on differentiated
mono-material solutions and the mobility, healthcare and and innovative solutions for
1 - Average sales price, equal to gross revenue over sales volume i.e. including commissions
2 - Benchmark prices represent HDPE Blow Molding NEA CFR and PP Raffia NEA CFR prices as per CMA. greenhouse films, as well as renewable energy industries. customers in applications number of consumer
in the infrastructure solutions Our customer base is diverse in with high growth. solutions customers served
EXTENSIVE SALES AND MARKETING FOOTPRINT
HIGH QUALITY COMPOUNDING MANUFACTURING PLANT SUPPORTED BY R&D CAPABILITIES SERVING
With the Sales and Marketing EXTENSIVE DIRECT CUSTOMER COVERAGE THROUGH STRATEGICALLY THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
headquarters in Singapore, our extensive LOCATED MARKETING OFFICES AND LOGISTICS HUBS
footprint, complemented by strong supply
chain infrastructure, is championed by DIRECT ACCESS TO MARKETS:
capable and committed professionals
across key markets such as China, Egypt,
Focus on growth Extensive direct Operational partnerships
India, Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia.
markets: APAC and sales network with Khalifa Port in
We have built a strong local network of
MEA account for 62% covering 80% of Abu Dhabi and 10
marketing, sales and customer technical
and 29% of sales sales volumes other logistic hubs
service points across the Borouge
volumes in 2023, in target markets
markets. With over 250 customer-facing
respectively
employees across 14 offices, we generate
approximately 80 percent of our sales
volumes via direct sales channels.
SALES AND
MARKETING
Our polymer products are mainly sold
REPRESENTATIVE
across Asia Pacific (representing 62
OFFICES
percent of our sale volumes) and the
Middle East and Africa (representing 29 COMPOUNDING MANUFACTURING PLANT APPLICATION CENTRE
percent of our sales volumes), with the
• I naugurated in 2010 and based in Shanghai, China, with a • A pplication Centre based in Shanghai, collaborating with
remainder of our sale volumes being LOGISTICS HUBS
capacity of 50kt/y of compounded polypropylene resins Borouge’s Abu Dhabi Innovation Centre and local chain partners
sold across the rest of the world, largely
• E xpanded to 90kt/y in 2015 with plans for • F ocused on developing high quality
through our distributorship agreement
future production expansion compounds for mobility applications
with Borealis, under which our products
• C ompound resins with a focus on automotive • P rovides testing support for automotive customers
are sold in Europe, the Commonwealth,
applications and serving customers in mainly in North- with eight laboratories and more than 200 advanced
and West and North Africa.
East Asia with a portfolio of customised solutions instruments for new product development

=== [AR2023.pdf p25] ===
48 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 49
BUSINESS REVIEW –
SALES AND MARKETING (CONTINUED)
Borouge is focused on achieving the ambitions
Contributing to a circular economy
of UNEA 5.2 through the following activities
and specific targets:
DURABLE • O ver 40% of our overall sales serve
PRODUCTS more sustainable industrial applications
• A n additional 1mt/y capacity for durable
products by 2030
PRODUCT • I ncreasing innovations in product design with
RECYCLABILITY fully recyclable mono-material solutions enabled
by our Anteo™ packaging solutions
RECYCLED • Develop unique polyolefins solutions to enable
CONTENT incorporation of high content of Post Consumer
Recyclate (PCR) in consumer solutions
• Substantially grow the recyclate business through
partnerships and own growth initiatives
Borouge has committed to exploring waste into second-generation products. their propensity to be treated as waste.
INTERNATIONAL SUSTAINABILITY AND This certification demonstrates Borouge’s long
and driving opportunities toward a In 2023, we continued to provide We achieved our ambition to add
CARBON CERTIFICATION (ISCC) standing commitment to apply world-leading
circular economy. As a responsible and develop design-for-recycling recyclates as part of our product
standards and champion traceability best practices
company, we believe that achieving a (DfR) solutions that facilitate uptick in portfolio in 2021. We have continued
ISCC is a globally applicable sustainability certification in circular economy solutions development.
zero waste plastics circular economy recycling activities in the packaging developing new ways to reduce
system and covers all sustainable feedstocks, including
requires concerted action by end market. Such DfR solutions material use, enhance the durability
agricultural and forestry biomass, biogenic wastes
governments, industries, consumers embed a conscious view on end-of-life of products, promote new designs
and residues, circular materials and renewables.
and society. We strongly advocate treatment and have properties and that enable reuse and recycling, and
“ISCC is a globally applicable
for the reuse of plastic products and intended uses that allow for closed- encourage the use of recyclates where
With currently over 9,000 valid certificates in more than 130
recycling of post-consumer plastic loop material recovery, thus reducing possible across our value chain. countries, ISCC is among the world’s largest certification sustainability certification system
systems. It has been developed through an open multi-
and covers all sustainable
stakeholder process and is governed by an association
OUR COMMITMENT TO CIRCULARITY
with more than 250 members, including research institutes
feedstocks, including agricultural
and NGOs. ISCC strives for a world where biomass and
• B orouge supports the 2022 UN Environment Assembly (UNEA 5.2) resolution to end plastic
other raw materials are produced in an environmentally, and forestry biomass, biogenic
pollution and forge an international legally binding agreement by 2024
socially and economically sustainable manner.
• P lastic products can contribute to achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals when wastes and residues, circular
they are sustainably produced, used and recovered in a circular economy
Borouge complies with the requirement of ISCC PLUS
materials and renewables.”
which covers the mass balance-based chain of custody.

=== [AR2023.pdf p26] ===
50 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 51
BUSINESS REVIEW –
SALES AND MARKETING (CONTINUED)
UNIQUE METHANE-TO-ELECTRICITY PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE AQUACULTURE
POWER PLANT IN RWANDA WITH SPIROLITE’S FLOATING MARINE CAGE
Borouge Products-in-Action
Borouge’s innovative solutions are supporting the Spirolite (M) Sdn Bhd, a leading Malaysian manufacturer
Our diverse portfolio of vital development of Rwanda’s energy sector. Our specialising in polyethylene piping and related products,
BorSafe™ materials, made using Borealis’ Borstar® utilised Borouge’s BorSafe™ materials to develop
innovative products are used technology, are used in the construction of corrosion a robust and long-lasting marine enclosure for use
and chemical-resistant pipes used for the safe extraction in the aquaculture sector. The marine enclosure is
around the world on some of methane and disposal of carbon dioxide in a unique specifically designed to withstand the rigours of the
power generation project on Lake Kivu, Rwanda. marine environment, offering a robust, sustainable and
of the most high-profile efficient solution for modern aquaculture operations.
In partnership with ISCO Industries Inc. (ISCO), a global
piping solutions provider, and Union Pipes Industry, a Traditional fish breeding in Malaysia uses simple
and technically challenging
leading UAE-based pipe manufacturer, our solutions were wooden and tin pontoon net enclosures, which
used for the production of pre-compounded polyethylene degrade quickly, perform badly in heavy weather
projects.
pipes, which enable the extraction of methane that has conditions and have limited cultivation capacity due
been produced naturally in the depths of Lake Kivu, one to their size and stability, limiting productivity.
of the world’s deepest lakes. The company’s solutions
also enable the power plant to mitigate greenhouse In seeking an innovative solution to these issues,
gas emission risks, thereby protecting the natural Spirolite turned to our BorSafe™ materials for the
environment and the 30,000-strong lakeside community. exceptional mechanical and physical properties
required for this project. Constructed using
The superior BorSafe™ pressure pipe compound BorSafe™ HE3490-LS and ME3441, the advantages
is engineered to withstand demanding industrial of the polyethylene marine enclosure include:
conditions such as abrasions and stress cracking • Resistance to corrosion, making them ideal
and operate in challenging conditions such as those for seawater environment application.
found in the carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulphide rich • Lightweight and adaptable, suitable for
environment in the depths of Lake Kivu. Our solutions challenging sea installation conditions.
are contributing to the development of this unique • Good flexibility and strong welded joints to adapt
56-megawatt power plant project, which is part of to undersea conditions and wave movements.
Rwanda’s plan to grow the country’s electricity generation • Enhanced durability and good UV resistance, providing
capacity by over 50 percent and improving quality, prolonged performance and minimal maintenance needs.
affordability and reliability of power supply to Rwanda’s • Lower environmental impact due to full
13 million population and its growing economy. recyclability after the end of service life.
Overall, use of pre-compounded BorSafe™ HE3490-
LS pipes should ensure a 15-year service life, as
opposed to traditional cages requiring regular
maintenance and replacement every five to 10 years.
By carefully selecting solutions that can address the
industry’s unique requirements, both marine cage
manufacturers and farmers can rely on the durable and
robust infrastructure that supports the expansion of a
resilient aquaculture industry, a crucial contributor to
Malaysia’s food security and economic development.

=== [AR2023.pdf p27] ===
52 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 53
BOROUGE COLLABORATES TO ADVANCE SALES AND MARKETING
AGRICULTURE SOLUTIONS IN INDIA IN 2024
Borouge reached an agreement with Indian In the year ahead, we aim to build on
agriculture equipment manufacturing specialist the strong sales performance of 2023
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited to promote to continue to solidify relationships with
Borouge’s innovative solutions for paddy cultivation. our customers and grow our market
presence by expanding our footprint
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited (Mahindra into new markets such as South Korea
EPC) is a pioneer of micro-irrigation and major and Kenya. To support our Sales and
manufacturer of drip and sprinkler irrigation Marketing ambition, we will maintain
and piping systems in India, providing a range focus on innovation and continue to build
of solutions to farmers with a focus on micro- and deploy new products particularly
irrigation, fertigation and agronomic support. targeted at differentiated sectors
such as energy and infrastructure.
Our partnership will see Borouge’s solutions for drip
irrigation and mulch film applications applied across We will also ramp up our circular
at least 200 farms within Mahindra’s strong agriculture economy offering, working in tandem
operating network, significantly broadening with our partners in key markets to
Borouge’s geographical presence and brand reach. ensure that our customers have access
to market-leading recycled products, as
Apart from the installation of drip lines and mulch well as increasing the capacity of virgin
films, Borouge and Mahindra EPC will jointly polyolefins from Al Ruwais. This will
organise regular on-field training and knowledge support our customers’ sustainability
sessions to educate local farmers on the use ambitions while minimising our
of Borouge’s technologies in crop cultivation environmental impact, hence contributing
and sustainable agriculture practices. towards our own sustainability goals.
The increasing demand for rice cultivation in India,
coupled with environmental challenges, are putting
pressure on the agriculture sector. Our innovative
products will support enhanced crop yields,
optimise water consumption, and benefit farmers
through improved productivity and income, and
contribute to improved food security in the long run.

=== [AR2023.pdf p28] ===
54 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 55
BUSINESS REVIEW INNOVATION ACROSS OUR VALUE CHAIN
The backbone of our operations is Borealis’
Technology and Innovation
proprietary Borstar® technology which
Innovation is at the core of Borouge’s
powers our operational and innovation
business success. With more than 20 capabilities leading to 80 percent of our
production volumes being differentiated.
percent of annual sales volume coming
This allows us to sell at a price premium
from new products and more than compared to market benchmark prices.
a thousand active patents, we drive
innovation and long-term differentiation.
INNOVATION PLATFORM OVERVIEW IN NUMBERS Innovation
The Borouge Innovation Centre in Abu Includes extensive laboratories and 100
Dhabi develops polymer solutions that application development resources,
• Global innovation network
enable new applications for our products supporting polymer analysis,
while working closely with European processing and application testing R&D • 100+ R&D employees
• 1,000+ active patents
Innovation Centres within Borealis employees
25
The patent portfolio covers polyolefin Borouge’s innovation platform collaborates Borstar®
solutions and grades developed by with Borealis’ global innovation centres
the Borouge Innovation Centre to provide benefits to our customers polymers Technology
research labs
• Special Properties
250+
• Superior Processability
INNOVATION COLLABORATION NETWORK
advanced
testing equipment
BOREALIS INNOVATION CENTRES Value Chain
Stenungsund, Sweden >20%
Porvoo, Finland
Collaboration
Linz, Austria
BOROUGE INNOVATION CENTRE
annual sales
Abu Dhabi, UAE • J oint innovation projects with
BOROUGE SHANGHAI volume is derived customers and value chain partners
APPLICATION CENTRE from new products • Direct relationships with end-customers
Shanghai, China
• Technical support for customers
1,100+
active patent cases

=== [AR2023.pdf p29] ===
56 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 57
BUSINESS REVIEW – BUSINESS REVIEW – TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION (CONTINUED)
TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION (CONTINUED) BOROUGE INNOVATION IN ACTION
Our access to, and use of identify innovation opportunities. In OUR INNOVATION CENTRES
technology owned by Borealis 2023, multiple workshops were initiated Borouge Innovation Centres are
NEW BORSAFETM BIMODAL POLYETHYLENE SOLUTION
enables us to have industry- across different business areas with located at two sites, the Innovation
leading innovation capabilities global Original Equipment Manufacturers Centre in Abu Dhabi, and the
to deliver tailored solutions for (OEMs), brand owners, recyclers and Application Centre in Shanghai.
A prime example of a solution leveraging Association on their PE100-RC+ Quality
our customers and partners, in direct customers to identify opportunities
our innovation and technology Materials List. PE100RC provides a more
demanding end-use applications.
and joint development projects. Special INNOVATION CENTRE, ABU DHABI
capabilities is the launch of our improved robust solution due to improved crack
focus was given to the development This state-of-the-art facility serves as a
BorSafe™ HE3492-LS-H product, resistance that allows safer distribution
Over the past 20 years, we have leveraged of sustainable polymer solutions that hub of innovation in the field of polymer
a bimodal polyethylene solution of natural gas to residential, commercial,
the competitive advantages of our aim to optimise packaging recyclability development and application technology.
made using Borstar® technology and industrial facilities around the world.
relationship with Borealis, including and inclusion of recyclate materials It includes extensive laboratory and
for pressure pipe applications.
access to its proprietary Borstar® into packaging applications. application development resources,
This new innovation is made possible
technology, technical know-how, supporting the unique capability of
This new solution sets the benchmark through strong value-chain collaboration
innovation capabilities, exchange of in- We have a team of 100 research Borouge in providing expert polymer
for gas distribution as it is the only coupled with best-in-class technology
depth knowledge and best practices on and development personnel, analysis, processing and application
PE100RC grade that is produced outside and it cements our position as a
commercial and operational excellence. including scientists, researchers and testing. This centre collaborates
of Europe to be listed by the PE100+ leader in the gas distribution market.
technicians that are based in Abu regularly with Borealis’ European
These factors have contributed to our Dhabi and Shanghai. We have Innovation Centres to bring the
growth and advantageous position as 25 polymers research labs and more best innovation to the region.
a leading provider of innovative and than 250 advanced testing equipment.
differentiated polyolefin solutions. Over 20 percent of our sales volume in With a focus on R&D, our scientists, BOROUGE OUT OF THE BOX
Borstar® technology allows for the 2023 was generated by new products researchers, engineers, and laboratory
production of tailored product grades developed within the preceding five years. technicians collaborate to design
and solutions to fulfil the specific needs Overall, we have also been granted 723 novel materials and utilise advanced Improving operational efficiency, the group-wide ADNOC++ initiative, concept at Borouge that positively
of our customers, such as improved patents for newly developed products, technologies, equipment and organisational resilience and that will enable Borouge employees contributes to our business sustainability
processability, mechanical properties, from 1,140 patent applications filed. testing machines at the laboratory sustainable value creation are key to submit unique ideas through an and viability. We see innovation as a
reduced energy consumption and shorter to ensure our products provide the priority areas for us. In 2022, we end-to-end interactive experience. strategic and human-centred lever
cycle times. This supports our focus on We currently have new research projects best value to our customers. launched the Borouge Out of the for developing and maintaining an
premium priced end-markets through covering all of our market segments Box campaign to further unleash the In 2023, we introduced a new agile and accountable business.
a differentiated product offering. and aim to be able to maintain our In 2023, we organised more than 20 creativity and potential of our people. sustainability channel to the Out of the
percentage of sales generated by new visits to the Centre. Visitors included Box platform, resulting in savings of more
In addition, Borstar® technology products at above 20 percent. We have academic institutions, universities and The campaign aims to promote than $100,000 and reductions of 130,000
provides us with a competitive edge dedicated budgets for research and other organisations to raise awareness creativity through an ideation tonnes of CO equivalent emissions.
2
(as its bimodality is key to product development (R&D) and aim to continue about the importance of polyolefins management platform integrated into Fostering innovation is a fundamental
design and application performance), our investments in our portfolio of products and polymer science, and to empower
and can be operated at scale with to maintain our competitive edge. future talent in this growing field.
low operating expenditure, which
helps to strengthen our cost position
in comparison to our competitors.
We engage with value chain partners
and customers in our innovation process
for new product development. Through
this collaboration, we strive to anticipate
future market trends and develop solutions
that address the industry’s needs and
bring value to society. New concepts
are continuously being identified and
developed at the Innovation Centres’
laboratories before being scaled-up to
the pilot and commercial plants, where
test runs are performed and the produced
polymers trialled in collaboration with
our customers. These trials ensure
desired quality and suitability of our new
products in the customers’ production
lines before commercial launch. This
innovation process brings together
our technological benefits, innovation
capabilities and value-chain engagement
to ensure that we continuously develop
differentiated value-adding solutions.
Collaboration with our value chain
partners is one of our key pillars to

=== [AR2023.pdf p30] ===
58 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 59
BUSINESS REVIEW –
TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION (CONTINUED)
Our market-leading portfolio Innovative range of polymer solutions
of products: We are a producer of premium The solutions we provide can be categorised
polyethylene and polypropylene solutions. under two main product segments:
Polyethylene is a lightweight, durable CONSUMER SOLUTIONS packaging solutions for consumers and materials, make power grids more reliable,
thermoplastic with variable crystalline These include sustainable packaging, industrial applications that are designed help eliminate power wastage and make it
structure. It is currently the most common mono-material solutions, and agriculture to be safe, light, affordable, attractive possible to transmit energy from renewable
polyolefin in use and is utilised in many films. Our products enable solutions and environmentally friendly. Our flexible sources more efficiently and over longer
applications such as consumer solutions, designed for circularity and recyclability. and quality polymer packaging solutions distances. Our materials for pipes are
infrastructure solutions, automotive and include lamination, high-strength used in many different industries including
electronics, among others. Polyethylene is As part of our agriculture solutions, packaging, frozen and snack food water and gas supply, wastewater and
made from the polymerisation of ethylene we solve challenges for farmers and packaging, and shrink films, that help sewage disposal, plumbing and heating,
monomer, and its chemical formula is their growing businesses and the keep produce fresh and last longer. and oil and gas. Our corrosion-free,
CH. The principal raw material used in communities they feed by helping durable and reliable pipe solutions boost
2 4
the production of polyethylene is ethylene, bring fresh food to our homes. INFRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS the sustainability of pipe networks by
which we produce from ethane purchased These include piping (including water and making them safer, longer-lasting and
through long-term supply contracts from Our innovative solutions in greenhouse gas systems) and energy solutions. We more efficient, helping eliminate wastage
ADNOC. Different grades of polyethylene films, crop cover films, mulch films and provide high quality polyolefin compounds and loss, and offering energy savings.
exist, and they can be categorised drip irrigation help farmers increase crop to the wire and cable industry across the
based on their density and branching, productivity through higher yields. world. Our innovations, including polymer OTHER SOLUTIONS
the most common grades being: In addition, we deliver sustainable wires, cable coatings and insulation In addition, we have extensive experience
in developing innovative solutions
Low-Density Polyethylene (LDPE) for the mobility industry. We deliver
LDPE’s molecular structure is characterised a portfolio of customised mobility
Our HDPE and LLDPE plants are based main applications include packaging,
by the presence of many asymmetrical solutions for durable and lightweight
on Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® textiles, healthcare and automotive. CONSUMER SOLUTIONS
branches on the chain of carbon atoms. exterior and interior components, and
technology while the LDPE plant is
LDPE typically has a density range of under-the-bonnet applications. Because
based on Lupotech T technology. Polypropylene Copolymer:
0.910–0.935g/cm3 and is often referred to of our mobility innovations that include
Polypropylene Random Copolymer • Sustainable
as the ‘branched’ polyethylene. LDPE is bumpers, body panels, exterior trims,
Polypropylene is a rigid and crystalline (PPR): produced by polymerising packaging
generally the softest and least crystalline dashboards, door claddings, front-end
thermoplastic. It is the second most propylene with ethylene or butene bonds
of the polyethylenes and widely used in 2.9mt carriers, and others, vehicles are made
common plastic in use today and the introduced in the polymer chains. These • Monomaterial
applications requiring clarity, inertness, lighter. Our polyolefin components
most commonly used thermoplastic. polymers are flexible and optically clear, solutions
processing ease, sealability, moisture are also used for medical devices,
Given its specific properties, it is making them suitable for applications
barriers and good electrical properties. and pharmaceutical and diagnostic
primarily used for packaging solutions, requiring transparency and for products • Agriculture solutions
packaging, offering a high level of reliability,
piping systems, medical applications, requiring an excellent appearance. 2023 SALES VOLUME
Linear Low-Density stability, traceability, and consistency.
automobiles and appliances, and
Polyethylene (LLDPE)
in everyday objects like packaging Polypropylene Block Copolymer (PPB):
LLDPE has short side chain branches in
trays, household products, battery propylene copolymer with ethylene,
its molecular structure, with densities less
cases and medical devices. It is made where the ethylene content is relatively
than 0.940g/cm3. With a more regular
from the polymerisation of propylene, large (between 5 percent and 15 percent).
molecular structure, LLDPE is more
crystalline than conventional LDPE at and its chemical formula is C 3 H 6 . Its ethylene comonomer units are “Our materials for
the same density. When compared with arranged in a regular pattern (or blocks), INRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS
The principal raw material used in which make thermoplastic tougher pipes are used
LDPE, LLDPE resins exhibit significantly
the production of polypropylene is and less brittle. These polymers are
improved stiffness, and tensile and impact in many different
propylene. We purchase propylene suitable for applications requiring high
properties, as well as better low- and
high-temperature characteristics. externally through long-term supply strength, such as industrial usages. • P ipes and fittings industries including
contracts with ADNOC and can produce
it internally in our olefins conversion Like our PE plants, our PP plants 2.0mt • Water solutions water and gas
High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE)
unit, converting ethylene to propylene. are based on Borealis’ proprietary
HDPE has little or no side chain branching
Different grades of polypropylene exist, Borstar® technology. • Energy solutions supply, wastewater
in its linear molecular structure. Therefore,
the most common grades being:
it is more crystalline, and has typical and sewage disposal,
For the year ended 31 December
densities in the 0.940–0.965g/cm3 2023 SALES VOLUME
range. It is characterised by a wax-like Polypropylene Homopolymer (PPH): 2023, we sold 2,715 thousand plumbing and
the most widely utilised general-purpose tonnes of polyethylene and 2,285
feel, flexibility, chemical inertness,
grade. It contains propylene monomer thousand tonnes of polypropylene. heating, and oil
good stress crack resistance and a
in a semi-crystalline solid form. Its
relatively high softening temperature. and gas.”

=== [AR2023.pdf p31] ===
60 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 61
BUSINESS REVIEW –
TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION (CONTINUED)
CASE STUDY CASE STUDY
Development of a new Polypropylene Revolution in recyclable
Random Copolymer (PPR): RA150E monomaterial flexible
for hot and cold water pressure pipe packaging with oxygen barrier
applications
With a track record exceeding ten years possible through the carefully balanced technology enabled us to deliver our One of the key pillars of the Borouge solutions to address this challenge. standard printing processes. This was
of providing innovative materials used to polymer design to enhance processability new PPR solution from our world class Circularity Strategy is to develop and Building on the previous development of achieved in close collaboration with
make enhanced construction solutions and mechanical properties, increasing facilities in Al Ruwais Industrial City to promote Design for Recycling (DfR) a fully recyclable PE laminate structure several reputable value chain partners in
such as high-performance and leak-free extrusion speeds in pipe production serve our customers around the world. solutions. Conventional flexible packaging with high stiffness Machine Direction packaging solution designs. This solution
hot & cold systems, and our drive to and reducing injection molding cycle Our sustainable PPR solutions exhibit is commonly produced with multimaterial Oriented (MDO) PE film as printing enables the realisation of transparent, fully
push the boundaries even higher, we times in the production of pipe fittings. a low CO footprint, excellent energy laminated films that are not sustainable as substrate using Borstar® FB5600 ultra recyclable flexible packaging of superior
2
were proud to launch our improved, This new differentiated solution is efficiency and are fully recyclable. they cannot be recycled under the most high-density polyethylene, Borouge has packaging integrity and performance with
innovative hot & cold solution, RA150E. produced using the advanced Borstar® widely used recycling processes. There is been focused on developing additional the required oxygen barrier properties
This grade delivers improvements in PP and nucleation technologies. Our a clear need from major brand owners for solutions to enable the conversion to needed to protect its content.
pressure resistance and exhibits an exceptional operational excellence, mono-material flexible packaging solutions recyclable packaging in flexible packaging
unparalleled long-term performance at experienced operations team, strong which are fully recyclable and sustainable. applications requiring oxygen barrier Continued innovation to develop more
elevated temperatures. This was made focus on 100% HSE and state-of-the-art properties such as dry food packaging. sustainable packaging solutions,
In collaboration with value chain partners, addressing both environmental and
such as OEMs and converters, Borouge A key achievement was the development technological challenges, will remain a key
has been focused on developing PE and of a fully recyclable PE laminate structure focus area for Borouge in 2024 and beyond.
PP mono-material flexible packaging with high oxygen barrier, applied via

=== [AR2023.pdf p32] ===
62 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 63
CHIEF FINANCIAL “Borouge delivered a resilient operational RESILIENT FINANCIAL Net profit of $1 billion translated into remain confident of our ability to deliver
PERFORMANCE earnings per share of $0.03 and a premia above product benchmarks3
OFFICER’S REVIEW and financial performance in 2023
Borouge reported a strong $1 billion net net profit margin of 17 percent. owing to our differentiated product
supported by high utilisation rates, healthy profit for the year in a very challenging offering, focus on our ‘direct-to-market’
environment which saw a significant ROBUST BALANCE SHEET AND sales approach and our long-standing
sales volumes, and outperformance of our
polyolefin price decline versus the previous STRONG CASH FLOW GENERATION partnerships in our core markets.
Value Enhancement Programme. We were year. Strong operating rates, healthy sales Borouge’s unique business model
volumes and outperformance of the Value supported by a first quartile position The Borouge 4 project has crossed
able to deliver a strong $1 billion
Enhancement Programme supported on the feedstock cost curve, industry the halfway construction phase and
net profit and EBITDA of $2,171 million. this robust financial performance. leading Borstar® technology from is expected to be completed by the
Borealis, focus on high growth markets end of 2025. With the re-contribution
We continue to achieve healthy price
The Value Enhancement Programme and differentiated product portfolio of Borouge 4, Borouge’s production
premia over product benchmarks1 despite contributed $607 million to EBITDA in the enables it to generate strong operating capacity will increase by 1.4 million
year versus a 2022 baseline, outperforming cashflow through the market cycles. tonnes per annum to 6.4 million tonnes
a challenging market environment in
the initial and revised targets of $400 per annum. Further growth is being
which selling prices declined sharply. million and $500 million respectively, and Borouge paid down $850 million under explored through international expansion
plays a critical role in partially mitigating the Commercial Facility and has access opportunities as mandated by the Board.
the year-on-year polyolefin price decline. to a further $500 million Revolving Credit
Strong cash conversion and robust High operating rates of 101 percent Facility, which was fully undrawn at the Borouge intends to pay $1.3 billion in
for polyethylene and 97 percent for period end. During the same period, dividends in FY 2024. This is a testament
liquidity position enabled Borouge to
polypropylene for the year resulted in over Borouge paid a dividend of $650 million in to the resilience of our operating model
pay dividends of $1.3 billion in 2023 and 4.9 million tonnes of polyolefin production September 2023 and we are committed that supports high cash generation
(5.1 million tonnes including ethylene and to pay an additional $650 million in Q1 and our ability to drive shareholder
further to repay $850 million in debt.
others) despite the planned Borouge 2 2024 following the AGM. This is in line value through market cycles.
Our ambitious Value Enhancement turnaround in the first quarter of 2023. with the dividend commitment of $1.3
Jan-Martin Nufer
billion for FY 2023. Borouge maintained a
Programme achieved a $607 million Chief Financial Officer
Healthy sales volumes of 5.1 million healthy cash conversion during the year
positive impact to 2023 EBITDA, tonnes partially offset the price decline of 91 percent and Net Debt-to-EBITDA
from the higher average price levels stood at 1.4x at the period end.
significantly outperforming our targets
achieved in 2022. The Value Enhancement
and resetting our cost base on a Programme was introduced to counter Our capital expenditure for the year
this market weakness, support future was $199 million, mainly resulting from “Our unique Value
sustained basis.
growth opportunities, and enhance our the planned Borouge 2 turnaround.
competitive positioning by focusing on a These regular turnarounds are part of Enhancement
comprehensive review of fixed and variable Borouge’s regular plant maintenance
With high margins, a solid balance sheet, Programme
costs as well as revenue optimisation. schedule which keeps the company’s
strong cash generation and an efficient world-class asset base well-maintained contributed $607
The Asia Pacific market continues to be and supports industry-leading asset
cost base, Borouge is positioned going the largest sales region with 62 percent reliability, and efficient and safe operations million to EBITDA
into 2024 to navigate market challenges, of total volumes followed by the Middle while reducing operating expenses.
in the year versus
East and Africa with 29 percent of total
pursue growth, and continue to deliver volumes. Sales volumes from energy & THE OUTLOOK FOR 2024
a 2022 baseline,
sustainable shareholder returns. infrastructure solutions segment represent Borouge is well-positioned from a cost
39 percent of overall sales in the year basis going into 2024 following the outperforming the
In 2024, management intends to maintain 2023. This is part of Borouge’s strategy excellent results achieved from the Value
dividends attributable for the to focus on high value-added segments. Enhancement Programme in 2023. initial and revised
targets of $400
year of $1.3 billion.” A slower macro-economic recovery in In an operational update in relation to
Asian markets, increased supply due to Borouge’s regular plant maintenance million and $500
capacity additions and regional price programme in 2024, a planned
convergences towards lower levels are turnaround of the Borouge 3 plant million respectively.”
Jan-Martin Nufer
contributing towards a muted short-term (c.330 kilo tonne impact in Q4 2024) and
Chief Financial Officer
outlook for polyolefin demand and prices. feedstock-related operational stop
The sharp 16 percent decline in average (c.170 kilo tonne impact in Q1 2024) is
selling prices on a year-on-year basis expected to have a total production
from the higher levels achieved in 2022 volume impact of 500kt in FY 2024.
was the major contributing factor for a
29 percent drop in net profit at $1 billion On 2024 polyolefin pricing levels,
versus $1.4 billion in 2022. Adjusted market analysts anticipate a soft pricing
EBITDA for the year was reported at environment to continue until a delayed
$2,171 million, down 18 percent from the recovery materialises. Borouge’s
previous year. Premia over benchmark management reiterates it’s through-
prices2 for both products remained strong the-cycle premia guidance of $200 per
at $215 per tonne for polyethylene and tonne for polyethylene and $140 per 1, 2, 3 - Benchmark prices represent
HDPE Blow Molding NEA CFR and PP
$125 per tonne for polypropylene. tonne for polypropylene for FY 2024. We Raffia NEA CFR prices as per CMA.

=== [AR2023.pdf p33] ===
64 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 65
CASE STUDY
Borouge’s ambitious
Value Enhancement
Programme achieves
$607m EBITDA
impact in 2023
Borouge launched the Value Enhancement
Programme at the end of 2022 to mitigate
the impact of a challenging industry market
environment and softer polyolefin pricing levels.
The programme was expected to result in a $400
million positive EBITDA impact in 2023 versus the
2022 baseline. Borouge significantly outperformed
its target and delivered $607 million.
The Value Enhancement Programme provided the
impetus for engagement across the organisation and
resulted in a wide range of actionable and impactful
improvements across the four main components:
Logistics variable costs
Conversion variable costs
Fixed costs
Revenue optimisation
The Value Enhancement Programme directly supports
Borouge’s 2030 strategy for growth, which has the principal
objectives of strengthening its market position by growing
production capacity, pursuing operational excellence,
and offering differentiated and more sustainable
products to customers across international markets.
Supported by the embedding of the lasting benefits
of the Value Enhancement Programme, the Company
remains well-positioned going into 2024 from an
overall cost position and to take advantage of growth
opportunities presented by current market conditions.

=== [AR2023.pdf p34] ===
66 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 67
KEY METRICS KEY METRICS
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Revenue $5,791 Sales 5,116kt
Borouge delivers strong revenue on One pillar of Borouge 2030 strategy is
$m consistently strong sales volumes and premium Volumes (kt) Growth, and we operate in high growth
selling prices of its differentiated products. markets of Asia Pacific and Middle East.
Performance Performance
2023 5,791 Borouge’s revenue is supported by a very 2023 5,116 Borouge’s sales volumes have remained
strong sales volume while maintaining consistently high, demonstrating its flexibility in
2022 6,727 2022 5,083
through-the-cycle product premia. managing its product mix and ability to place
2021 6,216 2021 4,422 volumes tactically where they are needed.
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Adj. EBITDA $2,171 Average $1,077/tonne
Borouge’s business model (premium products, Borouge produces differentiated
and margin leading position cost curve) is positioned Selling Prices polyolefin solutions allowing it to bring
to generate high operating profitability. POLYETHYLENE new products to customers and command
$m - PO ($/t)
2023 1,129 premium pricing on its products.
Performance
2023 2,171
Borouge reports industry leading 2022 1,318 Performance
2022 2,646 EBITDA margins which have proven Borouge maintains a strong level of
2021 1,421
to be resilient through-the-cycle. product premia above the market
2021 2,725
POLYPROPYLENE benchmarks1 through-the-cycle.
2023 margin: 38% 2022 margin: 39% 2023 1,016
2022 1,222
2021 1,313
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Net Profit $1,001 Asset 97%
Borouge’s objective is to earn a sustainable Operational excellence is core to Borouge’s
$m level of profit over the sustainable and Reliability operations ethos. Asset reliability measures
substantial profit over the cycle. reflects the Company’s world-class
asset base which is well-maintained and
Performance
2023 1,001 Borouge has maintained strong profitability 2023 97% supports industry-leading asset reliability
and efficient and safe operations.
2022 1,409 through-the-cycle. 2022 91%
Performance
2021 1,528 2021 94% Borouge’s high asset reliability rates reflect its
well-maintained asset base with a reliability
rate of 94% (average 2020-2022) further
highlighting our operational excellence.
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Cash 91% Safety 0.1
Borouge’s strong cash conversion Borouge’s approach to operations is centred
Conversion has historically enabled it to provide excellence around our people and safety as measured
high dividends to shareholders. by TRIR. Safety Excellence correlates
(TRIR)
with our strong financial performance.
Performance
2023 91% Borouge’s strong cash conversion 2023 0.1 Performance
2022 93% profile continues to support dividend 2022 0.24 The high focus and commitment on health
capacity for its shareholders. and safety requirements is evident in our
2021 91% 2021 0.2 low TRIR which has remained at c. 0.21
on average across 2020-2022.
*Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) per million hours worked 1 - Benchmark prices represent HDPE Blow Molding NEA CFR and PP Raffia NEA CFR prices as per CMA.

=== [AR2023.pdf p35] ===
68 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 69
RISK MANAGEMENT
Enterprise Risk
Management
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is
embedded throughout the organisation to
ensure that Borouge effectively manages all
risks in order to meet its short- and long-term
business and growth objectives. ERM adopts
an integrated and dynamic approach towards
addressing both known and emerging risks
and unforeseen business interruptions.
RISK CULTURE Borouge’s business goals or our functions’
Borouge has established a strong objectives as well as implementation of
and agile risk culture that involves strategies and specific plans and initiatives.
integrating ERM into all its activities
and assesses risk with a direct impact RISK ANALYSIS
on its market share, reputation, people Risk analysis refers to the understanding
safety, and strategic ambitions. of the risk. It involves a series of activities
looking into the causes of the risk, its
RISK ASSESSMENT METHODOLOGY positive and negative consequences, and
A holistic risk assessment and risk the likelihood that those consequences
profiling process ensures a consistent may occur. Risk analysis assesses these
identification and analysis across potential threats (causes) and aligns
BARRIER CONTROLS ESCALATION/RESPONSE RECOVERY
the Company, with guidance from them to a specific event to which the
best practices and standards, the threats could lead. The analysis also
Company’s objectives, and business involves the identification of existing
plans. Risks are reviewed periodically controls in place and gauging their
with the involvement of Management adequacy and effectiveness using
and relevant subject matter experts. ‘Risk Control Effectiveness (RCE)’
definitions to manage the risk.
ESTABLISHING THE CONTEXT This includes quantitative (guided by
Establishing the context defines the the approved risk matrix and financial
basic parameters for managing risk and thresholds) and qualitative (subjective)
sets the scope for the risk management risk analysis in determining the
process. The context includes the external appropriate risk strategies to mitigate
environment in which Borouge operates the threats to the organisation.
and the internal environment where the
respective functions and departments RISK BOWTIE
operate within the organisation. The The bowtie method is a diagrammatic way
context may also be derived from our value of describing and analysing the pathways/
drivers, shareholders’ expectations and progression of risk from its causes
RISK LANDSCAPE BUSINESS CONTINUITY LANDSCAPE
the organisational structure of Borouge. (threats) to its consequences. Bowtie
diagrams provide a systematic approach
RISK IDENTIFICATION towards understanding a risk, facilitate
Risk identification is the process of the identification of controls (barriers) and
determining where, when, why and how assess their effectiveness in mitigating
risk events can arise that may prevent, the effects of the risk. The bowtie
delay or enhance the achievement of diagram displays the range of causes
KSIR
ESUAC/TAERHT
RISK REPORTING ESTABLISHING THE CONTEXT
Functional top risks as well as Refers to the consideration of
Company Top Risks are the external and internal context
reported to the Management which the function operates in
Risk Establishing
Reporting the context
Risk
Risk
identification
Evaluation
and analysis
RISK IDENTIFICATION
RISK EVALUATION Refers to the identification of risks
Refers to the prioritisation of from the internal and external
risks. Action plans are created context, which could prevent the
for additional mitigation of achievement of objectives
some risks
RISK EVALUATION
Refers to the prioritisation of risks.
Action plans are created for
additional mitigation of some risks
(threats) and potential consequences
by listing the risk in the causation path
of threat-event consequence. It also
differentiates between preventive (pre-
event) controls and reactive (post-event)
controls. The bowtie method is used at
Borouge to integrate risk management
into business continuity, where escalation,
response and initial recovery strategies
can prevent further escalation.
RISK EVALUATION
The goal of risk evaluation is to decide
which risks require future controls and
to assign priorities to these action plans.
This is based on the outcome of the
risk analysis, as well as the established
risk appetite and tolerance set by the
Management. The adequacy, criticality,
and effectiveness of existing controls
will affect the residual (current) risk rating Risk/Top
and determine if additional actions are Event
required. Risks that are considered
unacceptable or intolerable prompt
the development of action plans to
reduce them to an acceptable level.
“Borouge manages
a strong, integrated
and agile risk
culture mindset
that addresses risk
holistically.”
CONSEQUENCE

=== [AR2023.pdf p36] ===
70 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 71
RISK MANAGEMENT – CONTINUED
COMMUNICATION AND MONITORING AND REVIEW RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK Risk Oversight Structure
CONSULTATION Risk and its mitigations are constantly We have established our ERM framework
In addition to periodic risk reporting monitored to ensure risk levels are based on the industry’s best practices,
and deliberations on Management managed in accordance with the specifically the ISO:31000 and COSO Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is embedded throughout the
Committee and Board platforms, risk Company’s appetite and tolerance. This ERM Guidance. This helps us integrate organisation to ensure that Borouge effectively manages all risks
information is communicated via various involves regularly discussing and reviewing ERM into key business activities, including
in order to meet its short- and long-term business and growth
channels to support active and effective risks with risk owners, as well as tracking business planning, decision-making,
risk management across Borouge. This the progress of risk mitigation efforts. governance processes and operations, objectives. ERM adopts an integrated and proactive approach towards
includes risk assessment in the Business to maximise stakeholder value.
addressing various risks and unforeseen business interruptions.
Continuity management system, Borouge This provides stakeholders with reasonable
capital projects and i5 Project Management assurance that risks are being effectively
Approach (i5 is problem-solving and managed across the organisation.
project management excellence).
The Internal Audit Department is
Borouge has an integrated business responsible for assessing the risk
planning process where risks are assessed management processes at Borouge and
as part of the overall business plan; the identifying areas for improvement. They
CEO
risk of the business plan is identified, will also conduct audits on Borouge’s
ensuring the critical business activities are functions to ensure internal controls are “Borouge constantly
robust to meet the Company’s objective. efficient and effective in managing risks. monitors risks and
Risk information is also communicated
to the Borouge audit team annually. In The department considers feedback from mitigation levers in BOROUGE
MANAGEMENT
return, the Audit and Assurance function management and risk champions when
accordance with our
may identify new risks or assessments of developing the annual ERM plan as part
current risks discovered during their audit. of continuous improvement efforts. risk appetite.”
VP VP VP VP
RISK TREATMENT
Appropriate risk treatment
RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS
may be required based on
the results of the risk analysis,
evaluation of current controls,
and the risk appetite and
tolerance set by management.
Borouge’s risk oversight structure RISK MANAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS/
allows top-down and bottom-up ACHIEVEMENTS “Borouge’s risk
approaches for effective information flow • P eriodical reporting and
oversight structure
on risk management implementation deliberation of emerging risks at
at all levels. Risks are reviewed and Management committees and Audit allows top-down
reported to the Borouge senior Committee meeting platforms.
and bottom-up
management, executive management, • S upport Borouge’s management and
and respective board committees. projects in providing risk insights for approaches for
strategic growth projects and initiatives.
Risk management in Borouge is overseen effective information
• S upport business functions in scenario
by the Finance function, led by the Chief risk assessments during disruptive market flow.”
Finance Officer through its Enterprise
and global events impacting our business.
Risk Management Department. The
• A ssist the turnaround team with
ultimate accountability of effective
risk identification and mitigation.
Risk Management practices rests
on the Chief Executive Officer.

=== [AR2023.pdf p37] ===
72 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 73
RISK MANAGEMENT – CONTINUED HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT Borouge has since 2019 established its increased costs for project completion. growth. However, if accessing debt
(HSE) RISK Sustainability strategy, and we continue Risks to major capital projects are markets becomes more challenging,
As a petrochemical company, Borouge to accelerate sustainable operations and closely monitored and addressed with there is a substantial risk to our liquidity,
Borouge
is committed to operating in a safe circular products. In addition, the company comprehensive controls and mitigations. potentially causing significant disruptions
environment. Safeguarding our people reports in accordance with ESG standards to our operations. Furthermore, our
Principal Risks
and assets is our top priority. of ADX and has started the reporting OPERATIONAL RISK business is also susceptible to fluctuations
of the Task Force on Climate Related Our operations are highly integrated in interest rates, adding another layer of
The chemical manufacturing industry Financial Disclosure (TCFD) requirements from feedstock supply, manufacturing complexity to our financial considerations
During the year, principal risks are
carries inherent risks of HSE incidents, in our 2023 Sustainability Report. facilities to product distribution. Any amid ever-changing market conditions.
identified, aligned, and integrated which could harm both our people and business disruption to this value
business, such as major breaches in We also measure our ESG standards chain, including those associated with We are also exposed to credit risk, as
with our business strategies and
plants resulting from incidents like loss against independent ratings geopolitical and international security our counterparties may encounter failure
objectives, ensuring risks (internal of primary containment (LOPC), fire agencies. We will continue to align issues, could affect the Company’s or an inability to fulfil their payment
or explosions, and the release of toxic our business objectives and improve performance and ability to meet our and/or performance obligations as
and external) are managed in a
gases and hazardous chemicals. our readiness towards the dynamic stakeholder obligations. One of our key per contractual arrangements.
sustainable manner through our market and industry changes. risks is our dependence on feedstock
Damage to our people and assets and raw material suppliers and their Agile and proactive initiatives are being
strong ERM governance practices
could impact Company financials, as MACROECONOMIC RISK ability to reliably meet our manufacturing implemented by Borouge in managing
across the Company. well as lead to regulatory queries or In recent years, the petrochemical requirements. Uncertainties related to and adapting to the volatility in financial
investigations which would affect our industry has been experiencing supplies could impact product quality, markets including hedging, Borouge credit
brand value globally. Borouge embraces market volatility due to prices, and margins of our products. policy and other controls and mitigations
the best HSE culture via its transformation various factors including the prolonged to continuously ensure resilience.
programmes, while focusing on process pandemic, geopolitical tensions, LOGISTIC AND DISTRIBUTION RISK
safety compliance activities and building and disruptions in the supply and Our operations rely on logistic services PEOPLE RISK
competencies within the Company. demand of energy. Ongoing economic to transport our product to customers in People are the most important asset
fluctuations, heightened by factors like different regions. Transportation costs of the Company. Borouge’s future and
STRATEGIC RISK interest rate increases and declining and shipping times have been impacted success depends on its ability to attract
The increase in global sustainability consumer confidence, impacted by volatility in the market. Borouge has and retain talent with the right skill set.
legislation and regulations could impact downstream demand in specific implemented various actions to maintain
our business. The rapidly evolving non industry sectors and key markets. flexibility and manage such impacts. With the rise in production capacity
financial disclosure landscape poses through growth projects by competitors
challenges as diverse regulatory and Technological competition and increased CYBER SECURITY RISK regionally and globally, competition
voluntary bodies demand compliance, petrochemical capacity globally Borouge is using digitalisation to improve for talent has also increased. Borouge
each with its unique expectations. contribute to market complexity through productivity and has launched projects has implemented a holistic talent
innovation and vertical integration to enhance its capabilities. As technology strategy that will attract and retain
Increasing oversight related to greenhouse among suppliers and converters. These platforms and interfaces converge best-in-class employees and drive
gas (GHG) emissions could lead to competitive pressures also resulted with business tools, the cyberthreat a high-performance culture in the
regulatory scrutiny, potentially elevating in various trade policies imposed landscape is becoming more complex organisation to remain competitive.
compliance costs. It might be challenging by major and emerging markets. for both Information Technology (IT) and
to predict the pace of legislation Operational Technology (OT).
integration, although in the territories In response, Borouge strategically
we operate this risk is still nascent. navigates these uncertainties, leveraging Borouge’s operations rely on a variety
revenue optimisation programmes, of operating systems to function, and
agile pricing strategies, and a focus any disruption to the system may result
on value and differentiation to secure in unexpected incidents that could
volume. Concurrently, Borouge forges jeopardise our people and assets.
long-term partnerships with key strategic
customers to establish stability and Cyberattacks are also becoming
resilience in a volatile market landscape. aggressive and widespread with
cyberthreat actors using pressure tactics
GROWTH PROJECTS such as ransomware on vulnerable
The achievement of our strategic growth targets. Borouge continues to enhance
“As a petro-
objectives is built on the successful, its cybersecurity controls as well as
timely, and cost-effective delivery of implementing vulnerability management chemical company,
capital projects. Each project brings solutions to strengthen its security
Borouge is highly
range of risks during construction and defence against these threats.
commissioning, including potential committed to
cost overruns, uncertainties regarding FINANCIAL RISK
operating in a
feedstock availability, unanticipated The economic and financial landscapes
liabilities, fluctuations in material that Borouge operate within are subject safe environment.
prices, challenges in meeting projected to global variations, influenced by political
Safeguarding our
efficiencies and synergies, contractor and economic volatilities. Utilising
performance and vulnerability to shifts various financial instruments is a crucial people and assets is
in market conditions. These challenges strategy for raising substantial capital for
our top priority.”
may result in delays and potential operational requirements and strategic

=== [AR2023.pdf p38] ===
74 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 75
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Sustainability at Borouge
Borouge produces a separate externally Nations Sustainable Development Goals more than 11,000 people in our impact on people’s lives. safeguarding biodiversity, enhancing Borouge’s ESG report is aligned with
verified Sustainability Report, which (SDGs). We are committed to exploring communities positively impacted by • P romoting the health and energy performance and optimising the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange
will be made available on our website. and driving opportunities towards a our bespoke CSR programme. welfare of our people and the the use of natural resources. (ADX) ESG Disclosure Guidelines.
The information below summarises our circular economy. As a signatory of the • E nabled potential savings of more communities where we operate. • E nsuring that energy performance
approach to sustainability and the key Chemical Industry’s Responsible Care® than $100,000 and 130,000 tonnes of • B uilding diverse and multi-cultural improvements are considered Reporting is also mapped with elements
highlights of our performance in 2023. Global Charter, we apply best practices CO equivalent emissions, after the human capabilities and creating throughout the duration of the from key ESG reporting standards and
2
and pursue continual improvement. launch of the Sustainability channel of opportunities for individual growth. intended lifecycle of our assets. frameworks such as the Sustainability
We are committed to the wellbeing Borouge-Out-of-the-Box, our strategic • F ostering mutually beneficial • O ptimising the positive health, Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for
of society and preservation of the KEY ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2023 initiative that aims to improve operational partnerships and social initiatives safety, environmental, energy and the Chemical Sector, the Task Force on
environment, while addressing IN ADVANCING OUR SUSTAINABILITY efficiency, organisational resilience within the industry and society. societal impacts of our plastics Climate-Related Financial Disclosure
the economic expectations of our AGENDA INCLUDED: and sustainable value creation. • R especting and conforming to throughout their lifecycle. (TCFD) and United Nations Sustainable
shareholders. We are a leading provider • W e became the preferred partner for • P ublication of our second externally relevant social, cultural, legal and Development Goals (UN SDGs). We
of sustainable, innovative and value leading global brand owners for using verified Sustainability Report, with the ethical aspects of society. PROFIT: ECONOMIC GROWTH regularly review relevant ESG reporting
creating polyolefin solutions and we recyclate content in their applications 2023 edition to be published early in 2024 • M aximising shareholder return standards and frameworks for their
conduct our business within the framework and designs, undertaking our first alignment with and contribution to
PLANET: ENVIRONMENTAL throughout the value chain.
of our values, vision and mission, and commercial recyclate projects for improving our ESG reporting practices.
As set out in our Sustainability policy, STEWARDSHIP • E nhancing the reputation of Borouge
in accordance with applicable laws, industrial applications, such as collation
regulations and industry standards. shrink films, bottles and pallets. • A ddressing global challenges such and the image of the industry. Furthermore, information provided in
WE COMMIT TO as climate change, water and food • E nsuring that the design, operational
• W e were recognised by the our full Sustainability Report regarding
We focus on the performance, profitability UAE Ministry of Energy and PEOPLE: SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY scarcity, energy transition, healthcare and technical integrity of our assets are key material topics is being externally
and efficiency of our operations Infrastructure winning the UAE Energy • P ursuing a goal of no harm needs and waste management sustained throughout their lifecycle. and independently assured by a third
and enhance the contribution and Management ISO 50001 Award. to people and society. with innovative solutions. • Strengthening organisational party using ISAE 3000 standards.
development of our people, while actively • M inimising waste and emissions, resilience through the application of
• W e achieved an all-time record • C ontributing to solutions that
contributing to meeting the United of community outreach, with deliver a positive and sustainable effective risk management, security To view our full Sustainability Report,
and emergency preparedness, and please visit www.borouge.com
business continuity practices.
• A dvancing the development of local
downstream industries and science
and engineering capabilities.
• O ptimising responsible global
procurement and supply
chain opportunities.
“Borouge is
Our commitment to this Sustainability
committed to the
Policy is demonstrated through visible
leadership and effective communication, wellbeing of society
a proactive sustainability performance
and preservation of
culture supported by transparent
monitoring and reporting systems the environment.”
and continuous investment in our
people, innovation and assets.
We engage with all of our stakeholders and
encourage them to commit to this Policy.
OUR THREE PILLARS OF
SUSTAINABILITY:
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING
FRAMEWORK
PEOPLE:
Sustainability KPI’s are being reported
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
in accordance with GRI Sustainability
Reporting Standards 2021 (GRI Standards). PLANET:
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
PROFIT:
ECONOMIC GROWTH
Borouge’s Sustainability Report
2023 will be available on our
website from 31 March, 2024

=== [AR2023.pdf p39] ===
76 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 77
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT – CONTINUED
ADDRESSING GLOBAL CHALLENGES Environment
OUR SOLUTIONS
THROUGH OUR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Energy: There is tremendous potential in the energy sector. SDG 7 & 11
We think beyond cables and voltage, to the impact on lives Driving Renewable and reliable energy access:
and economies. Our innovative materials for solar energy Meeting the world’s increasing demands for smart We consider environmental stewardship as one of the key pillars of
panels provide reliability and affordability while delivering living by enabling access to sustainable energy our operations. As a leading petrochemical company, we realise that
superior performance, making solar energy a more effective sources and efficient power transmission. we have an important role to play in managing and mitigating our
and viable alternative than ever. Our energy solutions environmental impact across all the areas that we operate. Sustainability
ensure that energy is transported safely and efficiently is an integral part of our operations and culture that enables us to
from renewable sources and over longer distances. reduce risks and drive positive growth. Therefore, we continue to
invest in operational improvements and environmental initiatives.
Infrastructure: Our infrastructure solutions are used in SDG 6 & 9
many different industries, including water, gas distribution, Clean water distribution and sanitation:
transmission, sanitation, plumbing and heating, industrial, Access to clean drinking water and sanitation with
and energy, ensuring the health and safety of communities sustainable pipe materials, ensuring safe, durable,
worldwide. Reliable and durable pipe solutions are vital and efficient access to our most vital resource.
in helping to eliminate losses, save energy and better
serve communities and industries in the future, thus
enhancing sustainability. Furthermore, they are used to
transport and distribute clean water and gas through
safer, longer lasting, and more efficient pipe networks.
Mobility: Our mobility innovations support the transition SDG 11 and 13
to Electric Vehicles and make vehicles lighter, safer and Green Transportation:
more efficient. Beyond materials, our true focus is moving Strong and lightweight materials that improve vehicle
people and the industry forward, in a sustainable way. fuel efficiency and reduce CO emissions, whilst
2
enabling development of Electric Vehicles.
Advanced Packaging: Consistency and material SDG 11 & 2
advantages are proven benefits of our packaging solution Food safety and protection:
portfolio. We also work to ensure that products arrive Enhanced food protection and safety across the value chain.
fresh and safely contributing to reducing food waste and
improving overall food availability. The fully recyclable
mono-material solutions provided by Borouge enable
circularity and support a waste-free environment.
Agriculture: We solve challenges for farmers and their growing SDG 2 and 8
businesses and the communities they feed. We are working Food protection and safety:
with many value chain stakeholders including universities, R&D Improving crop yield for enhanced food security and greater
companies, government agencies and progressive commercial economic self-sufficiency of farming communities.
farmers to promote our innovative solutions that contribute
towards food sustainability. Our agriculture solutions are used
to protect and grow crops under optimal conditions all year
round, contributing to healthier and increased crop yields.
Healthcare: Our healthcare solutions meet the strictest SDG 3
global regulations, and continually earn the trust of the Safe medical devices:
healthcare professionals who use our solutions daily Improved healthcare with a new generation of materials for
to save, enhance and protect lives every day. safer, more convenient, and affordable medical equipment.

=== [AR2023.pdf p40] ===
78 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 79
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT – CONTINUED
Environmental Operations Social Responsibility
We comply with all relevant environmental laws, regulations, standards and other Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is the responsibility we assume for the
legal requirements of the countries we operate in. Furthermore, we constantly invest impact of our decisions and activities on society and the environment. At Borouge,
in operational improvements to mitigate environmental impacts. Our employees our CSR activities reflect our mission, vision, values and our strategy. We know that
are empowered through education, training, and awareness efforts ensuring that engaging with and investing in the community is beneficial for our growth and sustainable
sustainability is considered in every department at Borouge. In addition, we possess development and we have a proud history of supporting our local communities and
several relevant certifications to foster sustainability throughout our business. fostering long-term and mutually beneficial partnerships and social initiatives. We have a
strong history of supporting our local communities and fostering long-term and mutually
beneficial partnerships and social initiatives, some examples are:
CERTIFICATION STANDARDS AND DETAILS
ISO 14001-2015 - Environmental The Environment Management System helps manage potential environmental
POLYMERS ON THE MOVE OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS INITIATIVES
Management System impacts, fulfill compliance obligations, and identify opportunities for improvement.
SPAN ACROSS A WIDE AREA, INITIATING AND
DELIVERING CAMPAIGNS IN MULTIPLE COUNTRIES TO:
BOROUGE WITHOUT BORDERS
RC 14001® – Responsible Care The latest RC 14001®:2015 broadens the scope of the Environmental
• E ncourage the responsible disposal of waste
Management System standard (ISO 14001:2015), the Occupational Health
and Safety Management System standard (ISO 45001:2018), and the Energy AL DHANNAH SUSTAINABILITY FORUM • E ducate the public to reduce, reuse and recycle waste
• Promote the benefits and value of polymers
Management System standard (ISO 50001:2018) to cover the following key
codes: Community awareness and emergency response – Distribution – Product
SPE SUSTAINABILITY FORUM WITH ADNOC ONSHORE
stewardship – Security Health and safety – Environmental protection.
LIWA DATE FESTIVAL
ENVIRONMENTAL FESTIVAL AT AL GHAZALI SCHOOL
ISO 50001: 2018 – Energy ISO 50001:2018 allows us to manage our energy performance more effectively
WATER FOR THE WORLD
Management System and achieve a higher level of continual improvement. By implementing ISO
50001 certification in energy management, we have ensured that energy
efficiency is built into the fabric of our business and operations. INTERNATIONAL YOUTH DAY
Environmental Impact The impact of our activities is evaluated through the Environmental Impact
Assessment (EIA) Assessment (EIA) process for new projects, modifications, and retrofitting.
ISO 14064 - International Certification received for Borouge compounding site. The ISO 14064
Standard for GHG Emissions International Standard for GHG Emissions provides a structured framework
for measuring, reporting, and verifying our GHG emissions and removals.

=== [AR2023.pdf p41] ===
80 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 81
S4.2) Percentage: Entry- and mid-level Men: 2,532
Environmental, Social and
positions held by men and women Women: 454
Governance Indicators S4.3) Percentage: Senior- and executive- level Men: 39
positions held by men and women Women: 9
The table below summarises our response to the ESG KPI’s required by the 15 S5. Temporary S5.1) Percentage: Total enterprise headcount We don’t have part-time employees and
Worker Ratio held by part-time employees. contractors hence not
Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange.
monitored and reported
S5.2) Percentage: Total enterprise headcount
held by contractors and/or consultants
ADX ESG KPI's for Financial Report
16 S6. Non- Does your company follow non- Yes
# Metric Calculation Remarks
Discrimination discrimination policy? Yes/No
1 E1. GHG Emissions E1.1) 3,331,743 tonnes External assurance for these indicators is 17 S7. Injury Rate Percentage: Frequency of injury events TRI Frequency: 0.1
in progress and the data will be included relative to total workforce time
E1.2) 1,454,713 tonnes
in our Sustainability Report 2023
18 S8. Global Health Does your company follow an occupational health Yes
E1.3) In 2023, Initiated comprehensive measures & Safety and/or global health & safety policy? Yes/ No
to enhance our carbon accounting
19 S9. Child & S9.1) Does your company follow a child and/ Yes
practices and provide a thorough
Forced Labor or forced labour policy? Yes/No
assessment of our Scope 3 emissions.
S9.2) If yes, does your child and/or forced labour policy
2 E2. Emissions E2.1) 0.948 also cover suppliers and vendors? Yes/No
Intensity
20 S10. Human Rights S10.1) Does your company follow a human Yes
E2.2) 0.001089 tonnes / tonnes throughput. rights policy? Yes/No
3 E3. Energy Usage E3.1) 81.2 Million GJ S10.2) If yes, does your human rights policy also
cover suppliers and vendors? Yes/No
E3.2) 10.3 Million GJ
21 S11. Nationalisation Percentage of national employees 51.8%
4 E4. Energy Intensity 17.6
22 S12. Community Amount invested in the community, as a AED 280,000
5 E5. Energy Mix Natural gas 38%, Internal process generated Investment percentage of company revenues.
fuels 51%, Electricity NG based 11%
23 G1. Board Diversity G1.1) Percentage: Total board seats
6 E6. Water Usage E6.1) Water withdrawn 1605.56 million m3 occupied by men and women
Water discharged 1601.98 million m3
G1.2) Percentage: Committee chairs
Water recycled 0.15 million m3
occupied by men and women
Water consumption 3.43 million m3 Please refer to Corporate
24 G2. Board G2.1) Does company prohibit CEO from Governance section, P90-94
7 E7. Environmental E7.1) Does your company follow a formal Yes, Borouge follows an HSE policy of Independence serving as board chair? Yes/No
Operations Environmental Policy? Yes/No which Environment is an integral part
G2.2) Percentage: Total board seats occupied
E7.2) Does your company follow specific waste, water, Yes, Borouge follows HSE, by independent board members
energy, and/ or recycling polices? Yes/No Sustainability and Energy policies
25 G3. Incentivized Pay Are executives formally to perform Yes, but through performance score card
E7.3) Does your company use a recognized Yes, Borouge follows Energy on sustainability where Sustainability KPI’s are integrated
energy management system? Management System, ISO 50001
26 G4. Supplier Code G4.1) Are your vendors or suppliers required to
8 E8. Environmental Does your Management Team oversee and/ Yes of Conduct follow a Code of Conduct? Yes/ No
Oversight or manage sustainability issues ? Yes / No
G4.2) If yes, what percentage of your suppliers have
9 E9. Environmental Does your Board oversee and/ or manage Yes formally certified their compliance with the code?
Oversight sustainability issues? Yes/No 27 G5. Ethics & G5.1) Does your company follow an Ethics and/
10 E10. Climate Total amount invested, annually, in climate-related US$ 14.1 million invested for Prevention of or Prevention of Corruption policy? Yes/No
Risk Mitigation infrastructure, resilience, and product development environmental preservation Corruption Please see Ethics and Compliance
section of this report - Page 116-132
11 S1. CEO Pay Ratio S1.1) Ratio: CEO total compensation to median Full Data is not public due to G5.2) If yes, what percentage of your workforce has
Time Equivalent (FTE) total compensation confidentiality constraints formally certified its compliance with the policy
S1.2) Does your company report this metric 28 G6. Data Privacy G6.1) Does your company follow a Data
in regulatory filings? Yes/No Privacy policy? Yes/No
Ratio of female pay to male pay for G6.2) Has your company taken steps to
senior management level: 80% Ratio comply with GDPR rules? Yes/No
12 S R 2 a . t i G o ender Pay R m a e t d io ia : n M f e e d m ia a n le m c a o l m e p co en m s p a e ti n o s n ation to o m f a fe n m ag a e le m p e a n y t l t e o v m el: a 1 le 0 0 p % ay R fo a r t i m o i o d f d f l e e m ale 29 G Re 7. p S o u rt s in ta g inability Does your company publish a sustainability report? Yes
pay to male pay for Staff (Professional,
Operational and Administrative): 126% 30 G8. Disclosure G8.1) Does your company provide sustainability data Yes, Sustainability report follows GRI 2021
Practices to sustainability reporting frameworks?
13 S3. Employee S3.1) Percentage: Year-over-year change -3%
Turnover for full-time employees G8.2) Does your company focus on specific UN Borouge Sustainability report focuses on
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)? applicable UNSDG’s, SDG
S3.2) Percentage: Year-over-year change We don’t have part-time employees and
2,3,6,7, 8,9,11,12,13,14
for part-time employees contractors hence not monitored and reported
G8.3) Does your company set targets and report No
S3.3) Percentage: Year-over-year change
progress on the UN SDGs? Yes/ No
for contractors/ consultants
31 G9. External Are your sustainability disclosures assured or Yes
14 S4. Gender Diversity S4.1) Percentage: Total enterprise headcount Men: 2,571
Assurance verified by a third- party audit firm? Yes/ No
held by men and women Women: 463

=== [AR2023.pdf p42] ===
82 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 83
OUR PEOPLE women in 18.7 percent of management
roles. As part of our Diversity and Inclusion RECRUITMENT IN 2023
commitments, we will continue to attract and
Our Borouge Family
consider more internal female candidates. TOTAL EXPERIENCED 54
TOTAL GRADUATES 49
Our talented, diverse, and dedicated team comprises more than 3,000 The Borouge Female Talent Platform, was
created for our talented female colleagues to EMIRATISATION ON RECRUITMENT 51.5%
employees from over 50 countries. In 2023, we implemented plans to engage, INCLUDING GRADUATES
share aspirational messages with the whole
develop, and empower our employees, and attract new talent to join our Company, reinforcing our focus on advancing FEMALE DIVERSITY 8.7%
unity, and promoting wellbeing and happiness.
team, as part of our ongoing journey towards a performance-driven culture in
Many of our female employees participated in
which every employee is aligned with our values and shared purpose. the UAE-Japan Women Friendship Committee UAE NATIONALS NON-UAE NATIONALS
at Al Ruwais. The event was attended by H.E.
Dr. Maitha Al Shamsi, Minister of State; Mrs. GRADUATES EXPERIENCED EXPERIENCED
Fatema Al Nuaimi, Executive Vice President,
Downstream Business Management, ADNOC Female 0 Female 0 Female 9
and ADNOC Gender Balance Committee
(AGBC) Chairperson; and Dr. Ghuwaya Male 49 Male 4 Male 41
Al Neyadi, AGBC Deputy Chairperson.
The event’s brainstorming sessions and 49 4 50
roundtable discussions focused on gender
balance, women empowerment, community
development, sustainability, climate change,
COP 28 and the UAE’s investments in
clean energy. We celebrated International
Women’s Day to acknowledge the resilience,
commitment, and dedication of the women
in our Borouge family. This year’s theme
was #BreakTheBias, highlighting the need
for collaboration between genders to
create a healthy working environment.
DEVELOPING LOCAL TALENT
Borouge continuously upskills UAE Nationals.
Our success in this area has created an
Emiratisation benchmark for ADNOC Group
businesses, as well as for other oil and
gas companies across the Middle East.
At the end of 2023, we were on track
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS KPI’s for the year. Key activities included: • Integration and mobilisation of
with our Emiratisation targets, with our
In 2023, our people played a central role 73 experienced hires and 34
total Emirati workforce reaching 1,357
in delivering Borouge’s achievements • Successful engagement of over young professionals from the
employees, 52 percent of our workforce.
and reaching key milestones, with 200 supervisors and operators in ADNOC Training Academy;
We have established a dedicated function
the Company’s goals and targets using the Borouge Competency • Developed a high-profile Performance
to train secondary and tertiary Emirati
met thanks to our employees’ Management System that supports Management campaign leading
graduates, as well as to create and deliver
commitment and hard work. growth in organisational capability to the successful completion of
development programmes to support them
and individual career development; 2023 year-end performance cycle
in their career progression at Borouge.
Establishing and maintaining a • Successful completion of our ahead of the agreed timeline.
performance-driven, engaged Leadership & Soft Skills development
We provide local recruits with international
workforce requires ongoing investment programmes by 428 employees; DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
exposure, challenging and rewarding
in training, providing opportunities • Successful implementation of HSE Borouge attracts, engages, develops and
career opportunities, and access to
for growth and advancement, and programme for 4,125 participants, retains a diverse and inclusive workforce.
best-in-class global standards.
rewarding performance excellence. representing 25,450 man hours of training; Employees from different backgrounds,
• Hosting of over 100 UAE and experiences and viewpoints are critical to
This investment is essential, requires international students as part of advancing innovation in our business.
“In 2023, our
constant innovation, and must reflect Borouge Internship programmes;
the changing environment in which we • I ntroduction of Marhaba Ruwais, a new In line with the UAE’s goal of promoting people played
operate and the shifting dynamics of onboarding programme 2023 for new gender balance, we strive to develop high-
talent acquisition and retention. In 2023, employees joining the Borouge 4 team; potential female employees. We are also a central role in
our Human Capital and Administration • Internal Job posting campaign for guided by ADNOC’s 2030 strategy focusing
delivering Borouge’s
Group delivered a wide variety of 44 positions in the Borouge 4 team, on People, Profitability and Sustainability,
programmes, while also coordinating generating 600 internal candidates; which includes empowering women, driving
achievements
Borouge’s many training options, • External campaign to recruit gender diversity and promoting inclusivity.
overseeing technology enhancements to production operators, resulting in and reaching key
manage our people better, and helping 700 candidates / 300+ interviews / At the end of 2023, our workforce comprised
milestones.”
the Company meet its people-related 80 suitably identified candidates; 15.2 percent female employees, with

=== [AR2023.pdf p43] ===
84 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 85
OUR PEOPLE – CONTINUED
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT performance and increase engagement and Environment; leadership; technical; experiences and collaborations.
In 2023, we implemented a very active through meaningful feedback and role-related; and interpersonal skills. It was part of the Accelerate for Growth
programme of employee engagement effective coaching that promotes business initiative, which supported the strategic
initiatives. Borouge aims to create an excellence. This effective tool delivers a Supporting our business priorities, we vision and goals of the organisation.
environment where employees feel balance between Borouge’s business delivered the following key training activities: The programme was designed 75% 86%
valued and supported. We engage needs and our employees’ desire for and delivered by internal expertise
our employees frequently, through job satisfaction, rewards, personal and HSE TRAINING and resources of the organisation.
Participation rate Employee experience
volunteering, annual sporting events, career development, and progression. • C onducted 285 training sessions This programme trained 419
internal competitions, employee awards, The outcome of all our activities to around 7,000 participants (direct participants from different levels
and other activities, in addition to regular supporting employees, building hire employees and contractors). and functions, covering leadership
business focused communication. engagement, and lifting operational • D elivered 29,000+ man hour training topics such as strategy execution, 2023 – 78% 8% increase
Channels for communicating with our performance, is a high-performing, amounting to AED 990,000 cost saving. purposeful leadership, innovation,
employees include face-to-face and innovative, and motivated workforce. communication, and positivity for life.
town-hall meetings, e-learning modules, DCS PANEL OPERATOR PROGRAMME The programme received positive
a dedicated intranet, articles, posters, As we reflect on the achievements • C onducted DCS System feedback from the participants and the
targeted emails and short videos. in performance management for the Training, 43 operators attended senior management, who appreciated
Feedback from our employees helps year 2023, substantial progress has and completed training. the dedication and enthusiasm of the 73% 4.6
us identify areas for improvement. As been made in this crucial area of leaders and facilitators. The programme
MARHABA RUWAIS
such, we carry out employee surveys organisational development. Firstly, we also contributed to the development
Overall employee
to monitor individual engagement, goal have become more adept at setting clear ONBOARDING PROGRAMME of a learning culture and a network of Survey effectiveness
• C onducted three batches of experience KPI score
alignment, and our organisational agility. and measurable performance goals for collaboration within the organisation.
technical orientation for new
employees, enabling better understanding
EMPLOYEE TRANSFORMATION and alignment with the overall mission employees including Borouge 4.
2023 – 52% 21% increase
SURVEY and objectives of the Company.
Listening and acting on employees’ We introduced our certified and
feedback is fundamental to enhancing the Moreover, there has been a notable shift professional coaches at Borouge to
employee experience at the Company. In towards more frequent and constructive help employees tap into their potential,
2023, ADNOC introduced the Employee feedback mechanisms, which have unlock creativity and productivity,
Transformation Survey across the Group aided the continuous improvement and create positive change geared
with the aim to measure understanding of individual and team performance towards extraordinary results.
of Company strategy, culture, work via CPM (Continuous Performance
environment and the ADNOC brand, and Management). This has fostered a culture YOUTH EMPOWERMENT
to evaluate communication preferences. of transparency and accountability In 2023, we continued to develop the
potential of our young entry point
across all levels of the organisation.
Results under the Employee Experience professionals, integrating them into our
and Survey Effectiveness dimensions Furthermore, the use of data analytics has business to take on greater responsibilities
showed a significant increase compared provided insights into areas for improvement both within their respective functions
to the 2022 Borouge engagement survey. and identified high performers. and in the wider Borouge organisation.
The positive outcome of the survey In addition, there has been a greater Borouge Talent Management.
results propelled Borouge to receiving recognition of the importance of Department successfully launched
an “Outstanding” mark in the Overall employee well-being in enhancing several programmes including:
Employee Experience Score KPI of 4.6 overall performance, leading to the • S upport foundation technical training
out of 5 and demonstrates the high levels incorporation of wellness initiatives and for operators and technicians.
of employee engagement in our team. support systems within performance • 3 5 total operators and technicians
were integrated under our Youth
management frameworks.
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT Development Programme.
Our integrated Talent and Competency Overall, the achievements in performance • 2 5 total operators and technicians were
Framework recognises talent and management in 2023 have been integrated under our ADNOC Training
enables individuals to develop to their significant, setting the stage for continued Academy (ATA) FGP Contract.
full potential in their specialisation. The advancements in the years to come. • 2 3 ATA Students joined and completed
framework uses best practices and On the Job Training Programme
globally benchmarked competencies LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT level 1 foundation training.
and proficiency levels to set targets. Borouge provides internal and external
INTERNSHIP PROGRAMME
training opportunities such as eLearning,
We engage and support all our employees on-the-job training, classroom training, • C onducted Internship program for
with evaluations, discussions, planning, and learning from others (coaching and 103 Interns from different universities
development activities appropriate to their mentoring), and specialised training. inside and outside UAE.
aspirations, competencies, performance, In 2023, we conducted 48,153 hours of • Supported technical orientation
and potential. These include on-the-job training across all our programmes. part including HSE, Process and
coaching and mentoring, world-class Using ADNOC’s Learning Management Maintenance Overview.
training courses, foreign assignments, System (LMS), we have provided our
OUR PEOPLE IN 2023
and secondments to Borouge businesses people with select e-Learning opportunities
Borouge launched 2023 Leadership
and projects abroad. The Employee based on their individual needs and
Development Journey aimed at enriching
Performance Management system interests. Some of the e-Learning offered
the talent of the organisation with diverse
develops employees to improve their included management; Health, Safety

=== [AR2023.pdf p44] ===
86 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 87
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Stakeholder Management
As a leading global petrochemical company, Borouge sits at the heart of
a dynamic and integrated ecosystem of customers, employees, partners,
shareholders, and the broader community. We are committed to continually
engaging and supporting all our valued stakeholders to ensure transparency,
drive collaboration, and deliver sustainable value creation.
STAKEHOLDER GROUP OUR SHAREHOLDERS OUR CUSTOMERS OUR EMPLOYEES OUR SUPPLIERS AND CONTRACTORS COMMUNITIES
How do you engage? • Earnings presentations and press releases • R egular customer visits or contacts • I nternal communications • S ite visits • P ublic events, roadshows and activities
• Adhoc press releases on key by Sales and Marketing employees, (intranet, newsletter, emails, • Industry events and talks in the local communities and schools
achievements and announcements either in person or virtually MS Teams, and Yammer) • Screening and assessments • Corporate website
• Meetings and conferences with IR • E mployees also record customer data • Townhalls • Joint projects and collaborations
and senior management via Salesforce (customised Customer • Employee Engagement Survey • A ll communications being shared
• Annual General Meetings Relationship Management) platform • Corporate and department with suppliers through a system
• Capital Markets Day events and activities called ‘Borouge Ariba’ in terms
• Non-deal roadshows • Meetings with Line Managers of technical and commercial
• Corporate website for performance appraisals clarifications and contract awarding
How often do • Q uarterly investor earnings calls, press • Ongoing two-way communications • Internal communications (intranet, • P hysical meetings or virtual meetings • O ngoing initiatives
you engage? releases on key achievements and • C ustomers continually updated newsletter, emails, MS Teams and • O ngoing two-way communication
announcements as and when required on new product innovations Yammer) as and when required maintained through the whole
• M eetings and conferences take place on • Townhalls every quarter period of the tendering process
an ongoing basis throughout the year • Employee Engagement until the award stage
• N on-deal roadshows take place after each Survey every year
quarterly reporting cycle and are also • C orporate and department events
organised on an ad-hoc basis as required and activities as and when required
• Corporate website updates as and when required • Meetings with Line Managers for
performance appraisals twice a year
Key issues/items • F inancial performance, strategy, • Customer feedback and resolution • C ompany and regional business • M atters related to sourcing, procurement • C ommunity collaboration and
discussed and operations update of services requested/ updates and achievements Individual and compliance of applicable regulatory partnership opportunities
• M anagement guidance’s (e.g. dividends) • Relationship building career and skills development requirements HSE standards • Education on topics of interest
• Business opportunities Customer plans plans and compensation • Sustainable supply chain practices
• New innovations • Claims
• Pending payments
• Delays in delivering project milestones
Any actions from • A ctions will/have been taken at the • A ctions will/have been taken at • A ctions will/have been taken at • P roject timeline execution • A ctions will/have been taken at
these discussions strategic or operational level, depending the strategic or operational level, the strategic or operational level, • A ctions will/have been taken at the strategic or operational level,
that have been or will on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content the strategic or operational level, depending on the discussion content
be implemented depending on the discussion content
How do you create value • E nsure shareholders are updated on latest • E nhance knowledge of customers’ • A ccess to senior management • S ustainable long-term • Provide employment opportunities
for the stakeholders? business performance, plans and outlook requirements by placing their needs through in-person and virtual events relationships and partnerships • P rovide access to basic sanitation
• E nable open communication and at the centre of all activities • P ersonal and professional (e.g. Water for the World project)
transparency with shareholders • P rovide a seamless customer development through on-the-job • E ducation and knowledge
• Return on investment experience journey by improving and instructor-led trainings transfer for local communities
processes, efficiency, and • P rovide sense of belonging
response time to customers and inclusivity

=== [AR2023.pdf p45] ===
88 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 89
02
Governance Report
Inside this Section
(90–116)
Corporate Governance 90
Board of Directors of the Company 94
Senior Management 100
Board Committees 104
Ethics and Compliance Report 116

=== [AR2023.pdf p46] ===
90 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Governance Rules
Inside Information And
The Board of Directors is committed to
Insider Dealings
standards of corporate governance that
are in line with international best practice.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICY (as amended) (“Companies Regulations”), In this Report, the corporate governance As part of our commitments to In addition to the Inside Information Aligned with the ADX regulations on
ADX listing rules provide that the ADX certain provisions of the SCA Governance rules applicable to Borouge (taking acting with the highest levels of and Insider Dealing Policy, prohibition periods, and any
may, as it deems appropriate, decide Guide should be disapplied. into account the application of the SCA integrity, and complying Borouge also requires all Insiders adhoc prohibition periods that may
to apply the Corporate Governance Governance Code and disapplication of with capital market and securities to be registered as Insiders be declared based on our dynamic
Guide for Joint Stock Companies issued In particular, the ADX approved certain provisions as mentioned above regulations, we take the utmost in the ADX as a Borouge Insider, sign an business environment, Borouge prohibits
by the Securities and Commodities the disapplication of a number of together with the Group Management care to prevent insider dealings and Insider undertaking form, which sets forth any Insiders and their connected
Authority (“SCA”) pursuant provisions of the SCA Governance and Governance Policy referred to in insider trading. Accordingly, the obligations and responsibilities required parties from trading Borouge’s
to Decision No. 3/RM of 2020 (as Guide including Articles 6(3), 6(4), page 10 of this Report) are collectively we have implemented an Inside to comply with the Insider Dealing Policy to securities during these periods.
amended) (the “SCA Governance Code”) 8(1), 8(2), 8(3) (A), 8(3)(F), 10(1), 12(2), referred to as the “Governance Rules”. Information and Insider Dealing ensure that all Insiders go to the
to financial free zone companies (such 15, 16, 20-23 (inclusive), 24(5)(C), Policy in accordance with regulatory farthest extent to protect Borouge’s
as Borouge) which list on the ADX. 24(9), 24(10), 25, 26(1), 27, 29, 32 (other than DIVIDEND POLICY requirements, which specifies that all inside information. The Insider register
section 32(4) and, as it relates to the Borouge’s ability to pay dividends employees who are in possession of is maintained by the Borouge Head,
In this regard, the ADX has confirmed recording of conflicts in board of director is dependent on a number of factors, Borouge inside information (and Ethics, Compliance & Risk and the
that the SCA Governance Guide meeting minutes, section 32(5)), 34, including the availability of distributable are known as “Insiders”) and their Borouge Ethics and Compliance team
will generally be applicable to Borouge, 35, 36(2), 38, 39, 40-48 (inclusive), 50, reserves, the Company’s capital expenditure connected parties need to fully and is updated on a weekly basis.
but it has also approved a request 52(2), 59(5), 59(6), 59(7), 59(10), 59(11), plans, credit rating considerations and other comply with insider trading rules.
from Borouge that, taking into account 59(12), 60(1), 61(20), 62(1), 65, 67(3) cash requirements in future periods, and
matters such as the governance (B), 68(7) 71(2), 71(4), 80 and 82(1)(B) there is no assurance that the Company will
regime contained in Borouge’s articles and 82(C). The ADX also approved the pay dividends or, if a dividend is paid, what
of association and the fact that a interpretation of a number of other the amount of such dividend will be.
number of topics are already provisions of the SCA Governance Guide Any level or payment of dividends
regulated under the ADGM in a manner consistent with the Companies will depend on market conditions SHARE DEALINGS
Companies Regulations 2020 Regulations and our Articles of Association. among other factors. The following table sets out the details of all purchases and sales of our shares undertaken by our Directors, their spouses and their
children in 2023:
DIRECTOR POSITION SHARES HELD ON TOTAL SALE TOTAL PURCHASE
31 DECEMBER 2023 TRANSACTIONS TRANSACTIONS
H.E. Dr. Sultan Chairman - - -
Ahmed Al Jaber
Thomas Gangl Vice Chairman - - -
Khaled Salmeen Director 816, 326 - -
Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri Director 612,244 - -
Khaled Al Zaabi Director 816,326 - -
Omar Al Nuaimi Director - - -
Tasnim Ahnaish Director 4,350 - -
Mark J. S. Tonkens Director - - -
Philippe René M. Director - - -
Roodhooft
Thomas Michael Boesen Director - - -

=== [AR2023.pdf p47] ===
92 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board Meetings – Written Resolutions Of
Directors’
Attendance Records The Board Of Directors
Renumeration
(including
Board Committee members and
non-Board Committee members) Our Articles of Association require that the Board of In 2023, the Board of the Directors have passed eleven Written Resolutions. Below is a list of the dates when these
Directors meets a minimum of four times each year. Written Resolutions were issued.
As per the Companies Regulations, the remuneration
The quorum for meetings is at least two Directors
of the members of the Board of Directors should be approved by
the Board of Directors. This is then submitted for the approval appointed by ADNOC and two Directors appointed by WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS AND DATES NUMBER OF
of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. Borealis. Decisions on Board Reserved Matters also WRITTEN
require the approval of at least two ADNOC Directors RESOLUTIONS
At the 2023 Annual General Meeting, a total remuneration of and two Borealis Directors. Board Reserved OF THE BOARD
the Board of Directors in the amount of AED 14,730,000 was Matters include the approval of: OF DIRECTORS
approved, and subsequently paid out, for the services rendered in
1. t he Borouge Group Strategy, Business Plan and budget;
2022 (pro-rata amount for the period since the Listing in 2022). Resolution dated 10 March 2023 re Bidders list and Contract 2
2. annual financial statements;
Strategy – Tender No. 159780, and CEO’s PoA.
3. e ntry by any member of the Borouge Group into
As at the date of the issuance of this Report, the Board of Directors
joint ventures or partnerships with any third party
have not approved the remuneration to be paid to the members
in respect of any petrochemical project; and Resolution dated 12 March 2023 re Board of Directors remuneration for FY 2023. 1
of the Board of Directors for their services rendered for 2023 as
4. t he creation or dissolution of Board
yet; therefore no payments have been made in this regard. It is
expected to be approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Committees, among other items. Resolution dated 7 April 2023 re bidders list and contract strategy Tender No. 6400005279, 3
award of contract Tender No. 6400003129, and prepayment of Commercial Term Facility.
The following table sets out the meetings held by our Board of Directors in 2023: A=ABSENT P=PRESENT
Resolution dated 26 May 2023 re waste treatment services, award of LTPA Tender No. 6400004407, 3
award of LTPA Tender No. 6400004329, and settlement of claim Agreement No. 7500000746.
DIRECTOR POSITION BOARD BOARD BOARD BOARD
MEETING (1) MEETING (2) MEETING (3) MEETING (4)
OF 2023 OF 2023 OF 2023 OF 2023 Resolution dated 13 September 2023 re contract variation No. 2 Contract No. 4700000116 with DP World. 1
DATED 1 DATED 27 DATED 27 DATED 27
FEBRUARY APRIL 2023 JULY 2023 OCTOBER Resolution dated 25 September 2023 re establishing LTPAs for supply of heat-treated wooden pallets. 1
2023 2023
TOTAL 11
H.E. Dr. Sultan Chairman P P P P
Ahmed Al Jaber
MATTERS RESERVED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Group. The DOA sets out the matters that are delegated
Thomas Gangl Vice Chairman P P P P AND DELEGATED TO MANAGEMENT by the Board of Directors of Borouge (“BOD”) to BOD
A delegation of authority for Borouge was approved on Committees, to the Chief Executive Officer of Borouge
Khaled Salmeen Director P P P P 27 April 2023 (“DOA”) to facilitate the business of Borouge (“CEO”) or the Chief Marketing Officer of Borouge (“CMO”)
including its subsidiaries (i.e. PTE and PTE subsidiaries or to both of them jointly, as well as highlighting those
and ADP), (the “Borouge Group”). The Company is the matters which the BOD wishes to expressly reserve or
Abdulaziz Director P P P P
sole owner of ADP, and the majority shareholder of PTE, those matters that are expressly reserved for the Major
Abdulla Alhajri
and is the holding company for the Borouge Group. The Shareholders. The BOD, the CEO or the CMO may elect
Borouge Group conducts its business exclusively via to delegate certain matters by way of separate authority
Khaled Al Zaabi Director P P P P ADP and PTE (including their respective subsidiaries from (including by way of a POA, special delegation or, the
time to time). By documenting delegations of authority approval of committee terms of reference). The DOA
Omar Abdulla Salem Director P P P P in sufficient detail, Borouge promotes responsibility, also contains various BOD approved financial authority
Obaid Al Nuaimi accountability, and adequate internal control over the limits. Matters not expressly delegated in the DOA remain
authorisation and execution of the activities of the Borouge matters reserved for the BOD or the Major Shareholders.
Tasnim Ahnaish Director P P P P
Mark J. S. Tonkens** Director P P - -
Philippe René Director P P P P
M. Roodhooft
Thomas Michael Director P P P P
Boesen
Prior to her appointment Prior to her appointment P P
Daniela Vlad* Director to the Board as a Director to the Board as a Director
(*) Ms. Daniela Vlad was appointed as a Director to the Board of Directors on 6 June 2023.
(**) Mr. Mark Tonkens resigned from his position as a Director of the Board of Directors effective 31 May 2023.

=== [AR2023.pdf p48] ===
94 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Mr. Thomas Gangl was appointed as Vice-Chairperson
of the Board as of the establishment of the Company.
Mr. Gangl was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of
Board Of Directors
Borealis AG in April 2021 and has previously served as a
member of the supervisory board of Borealis AG. From
2019 to April 2021, Mr. Gangl was an Executive Board member
Our Board of Directors (or “Board”) is committed to standards of corporate governance of OMV, responsible for Refining and Petrochemical Operations
at OMV. With more than 20 years of experience at OMV, Thomas
that are in line with international best practice. As per the Articles of Association of the
Gangl has not only played a significant part in shaping OMV’s
Company, it comprises eleven members but since the incorporation of the Company, refining and petrochemicals business but was also responsible for
establishing chemical recycling and thereby laying the foundation
one of the Directors has resigned and not been replaced yet. Accordingly, currently
for OMV’s circular economy strategy. Mr. Gangl began his OMV
the Board comprises ten Directors consisting entirely of Non-Executive Directors, six career in 1998 as a process engineer at the Schwechat refinery. In
2011, Mr. Gangl became General Manager of OMV Deutschland
of whom are independent within the meaning of Resolution No. (3/R.M) of 2020 of the
GmbH and Site Manager in Burghausen, Germany. In 2014, Mr.
Securities and Commodities Authority of the United Arab Emirates. Gangl was appointed as Site Manager in Schwechat and 2016
he took over the role as Senior Vice President of the Business
Unit Refining and Petrochemicals with responsibility for all
three OMV refineries. Mr. Gangl is also Vice President of Board
The Board of Directors has adopted a Group Management and The policy also governs the appointment, removal and
of Non-Executive Directors of World Energy Council Austria
Governance Policy which includes various principles applicable replacement of certain other Group personnel (including
(WEC), a member of the Board of Non-Executive Directors of
to the management of the Borouge Group and the make-up of the the chief financial officer and chief operating officer).
Board, including that there must be at least one female director, MR. THOMAS GANGL Austro-Arab Chamber of Commerce, World Business Council for
the manner of exercise of Borouge’s rights as a shareholder Borouge’s articles of association further require that each VICE-CHAIRPERSON Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and Federation of Austrian
Industries, Vienna. He also acts as a member the Advisory
in PTE and the exercise of Borouge’s rights to appoint, director serves a three-year term, after which a director
Council of Österreichischer Verband CREDITREFORM (ÖVC).
remove and replace seven of the directors of PTE. may be elected to a successive term or terms.
Mr. Gangl studied process engineering at the Vienna University
of Technology in Vienna, Austria, and mechanical engineering
at the University of Salford in Manchester, England.
H.E. DR. SULTAN AHMED AL JABER Mr. Khaled Salmeen was appointed as a member of the
CHAIRPERSON-INDEPENDENT Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company.
Mr. Salmeen is the Executive Director of Downstream and
Industry, Marketing and Trading at ADNOC. In this role he leads
ADNOC’s downstream, marketing and trading businesses. This
His Excellency Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was appointed as Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was appointed as the UAE’s special
includes the growth of its existing refining and petrochemicals
the Chairperson of the Company as of the establishment of envoy for climate, a role he previously served from 2010 to 2016. In
business, development of TA’ZIZ, a globally competitive industrial
the Company. H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber has served as December 2020, H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was appointed as
ecosystem in Al Ruwais, which supports Abu Dhabi and
Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of ADNOC a board member to the Abu Dhabi Supreme Council for Financial
the UAE’s industrial growth ambitions. Previously, he served
since February 2016. Prior to taking on the leadership position and Economic Affairs. H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber acts
as Chief Executive Officer of Khalifa Industrial Zone Abu
at ADNOC, H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber served as Chief as Chairman of the Board of Directors of ADNOC Sour
Dhabi, Chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals, and Chief Operating
Executive Officer of the Energy Platform of Mubadala Development Gas, ADNOC Offshore, ADNOC Onshore, ADNOC
Officer of Tabreed (National Central Cooling Company). He
Company. H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber is a member of the UAE Refining, ADNOC Gas, Fertiglobe, ADNOC Distribution,
also led ADNOC’s transformation efforts in the capacity
Federal Cabinet. From 2013 until July 2020, H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed ADNOC Global Trading, ADNOC Logistics and
of Program Management Office Director from 2016 to
Al Jaber served as the UAE Minister of State and in July 2020, H.E. Services, ADNOC Drilling Company and Masdar.
2017, during a period of significant
Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was named the Minister of Industry and
transformation for the ADNOC group.
Advanced Technology. He also holds several additional leadership H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber is an active member of the
roles and advisory positions and counsels on issues related to Emirates Diplomatic Academy Board of Trustees, and Chairman
In addition to his role as Executive Director of Downstream
Energy, Economics, Strategic Communications and Sustainable of the Board of Trustees of the Mohamed bin Zayed University of
Industry, Marketing and Trading at ADNOC, Mr. Salmeen is a
Development. In July 2020, H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was Artificial Intelligence and holds a Ph.D. in Business and Economics
member of the Board of Directors of ADNOC Logistics and
appointed Chairman of Emirates Development Bank, a key partner from Coventry University, England, an MBA from California
Services, ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Gas, ADNOC Global
in providing financial services for the sustainable economic and State University, USA, and a BSc in Chemical and Petroleum
social development of the UAE. In November 2020, H.E. Engineering from the University of Southern California, USA. MR. KHALED SALMEEN Trading, ADNOC Distribution PJSC and Fertiglobe. He is
DIRECTOR-INDEPENDENT also the chairman of ADNOC Trading, TA’ZIZ and ADNOC
City Gas. Mr. Salmeen holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines in the United
States and an Executive MBA from INSEAD, INSEAD and
a Project Management Professional (PMP) from the Project
Management Institute (PMI) and Harvard Business School, USA.

=== [AR2023.pdf p49] ===
96 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 97
Mr. Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri was appointed as Ms. Tasnim Faraj Abdulla Ahnaish was appointed as a member of
a member of the Board of Directors as of the the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company.
establishment of the Company. Mr. Alhari was Ms. Ahnaish is currently Vice President of ADNOC’s Value
the Executive Director of Downstream at ADNOC Chain Optimisation and Analytics function. She previously
from May 2016 until his retirement in April 2021. served as a Manager of ADNOC’s Value Chain Optimisation and
From 2016 to 2021, Mr. Alhajri served as Analytics function from January 2019 to June 2020 and various
chairman of the Board of Directors of PTE. From 2007 to roles such as a Principle Research Investigator at Standards
2016, Mr. Alhajri was the Chief Executive Officer of ADP. and Technology Division, Research and Development
Mr. Alhajri currently serves as a member of the Board of and Environmental Engineer at Standards and Technology Division,
Directors of Abu Dhabi Oil Refining Company (Takreer), Environmental and Energy Efficiency Department at ADNOC Gas
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company for Distribution PJSC, Processing from November 2012 to December 2017, which included
ADP and Arkan Building Materials PJSC. Mr. Alhajri holds a three-month secondment to TotalEnergies in 2016. In addition,
a Bachelor’s degree of Science in Chemical Engineering between 2012 to 2014, Ms. Ahnaish worked as an Operations
from the University of Texas in the United States. and Environmental Engineer at ADNOC Gas Processing
in its Al Ruwais and Habshan plants and responsible for
leading and executing ADNOC’s digitisation scope of work.
Ms. Ahnaish holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical
MR. ABDULAZIZ ABDULLA ALHAJRI MS. TASNIM AHNAISH Engineering from the American University of Sharjah, United Arab
DIRECTOR-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR-INDEPENDENT Emirates, a Masters of Law in International Law and Sustainable
Development from the Sorbonne University, United Arab
Emirates and an Executive Master of Business Administration
degree from Cambridge University, United Kingdom.
Mr. Khaled Mohamed Abdulla Alalkeem Al Zaabi was
appointed as a member of the Board of Directors as of
the establishment of the Company. Mr Al Zaabi is the
current Acting Group Chief Financial Officer of ADNOC.
Mr. Al Zaabi previously served as the Senior Vice
President of the Financial Planning, Reporting and Group
Performance Management function of ADNOC from February
2021 to December 2021, and as the Senior Vice President of
the Financial Planning, Budgeting and Reporting function of
ADNOC from January 2020 to January 2021. He also serves as
a member of the Board of Directors of Abu Dhabi Oil Refining
Company (Takreer), ADNOC Trading Ltd. as well as a committee
member on several ADNOC-affiliated companies. Mr.
Al Zaabi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Finance
from Deakin University, Victoria, Australia.
MR. KHALED MOHAMED ABDULLA ALALKEEM AL ZAABI
DIRECTOR-INDEPENDENT
Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi was appointed as a member of the Board
of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. Al
Farsi is the current Senior Vice President Accounting, Strategy
Reporting and Tax at ADNOC. Previously, Mr. Al Farsi served
as the Senior Vice President Financial Policies, Systems and
Controls at ADNOC from May 2020 to February 2021 and the
Chief Financial Officer of Emirates Defence Industries Company
PJSC from February 2015 to April 2020. Prior to that, Mr.
Al Farsi was a Director of Finance and Director
of Supply within the Mubadala group.
Mr. Al Farsi holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in Computer
Science (with a Business specialisation) and a Master’s degree in
Professional Accounting from Seattle University. Mr. Al Farsi is also
a certified public account from the State of Washington, USA.
MR. OMAR AL NUAIMI
DIRECTOR-INDEPENDENT

=== [AR2023.pdf p50] ===
98 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 99
Daniela Vlad was appointed as a member of the Board of
Former Members Of The Board Of Directors
Directors on 6 June 2023 and has been a member of the Executive
Board of OMV Aktiengesellschaft since 1 February 2023. In this
function, she took over the Chemicals & Materials division to
further strengthen, expand and diversify the chemicals business.
Her contract runs for three years, with an extension option for MR. MARK J. S. TONKENS (UNTIL 31 MAY 2023)
further two years. After her studies - the Romanian-born holds FORMER DIRECTOR
a Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the Technical
University of Timisoara in Romania and a cum laude Master’s Mr. Mark J. S. Tonkens was appointed as a member of the Units or Country Organisations located in cities across the
degree in Business Administration from Twente University in the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. world, from the Netherlands and Greece in Europe to Taiwan
Netherlands - she held management positions at Shell and Phillips, Tonkens joined Borealis AG in 2009 and was the Chief Financial and Hong Kong in Asia. Mr. Tonkens is also a member of the
and most recently the management of key global businesses at Officer since November 2014. Before that, Mr. Tonkens was Board of Directors of Bayport Polymers LLC. Mr. Tonkens
AkzoNobel - such as Powder Coatings and Industrial Coatings. the Senior Vice President of Group Controlling. Before joining has a Master of Science degree in Business Economics and
Thanks to her many years of international experience in the Borealis, Mr. Tonkens held a number of senior management roles a post graduate Chartered Accountant (Register accountant)
chemical business and in leading strategic transformations, in the Royal Philips group, including as Chief Financial Officer degree from the University of Groningen in the Netherlands.
Daniela Vlad combines chemical and financial know-how as well and Senior Vice President of various major global Business
as experience in the field of sustainable technical solutions.
MS. DANIELA VLAD
DIRECTOR
FEMALE REPRESENTATION ON THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish was appointed to
the Board of Directors on 27 July 2023
Mr. Philippe Roodhooft was appointed as a member of the Board of as an independent Director. Borouge
Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. Roodhooft is therefore in compliance with SCA
was appointed Executive Vice President Joint Ventures and Growth Corporate Governance Rules which require
Projects of Borealis AG in January 2018. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. one female member of the Board.
Roodhooft was Chief Operating Officer of ADP. Between 2007 and Ms. Daniela Vlad was appointed to the
2013, Mr. Roodhooft held several senior management positions Board of Directors on 6 June 2023.
within Borealis, including as General Manager for the Central
European production sites, Senior Vice President Operations for
the Borealis group of companies and Senior Vice President Supply
Chain and Product Management for Polyolefins. Mr. Roodhooft is
also a member of the Board of Directors of Bayport Polymers LLC.
Mr. Roodhooft holds a Master’s degree Cum Laude in Applied Science
from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium, with a specialisation
in Production Management and Electro Mechanical Engineering.
MR. PHILIPPE RENÉ M. ROODHOOFT
DIRECTOR
Mr. Thomas Boesen was appointed as a member of the Board
of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. Boesen
was appointed Vice President Middle East of Borealis AG in
May 2018. Prior to this role, Mr. Boesen was Chief Financial
Officer and Senior Adviser with responsibility for strategy in
Borouge. Mr. Boesen first joined Borealis in 1994 and has since
held several roles including Director of Business Planning and
Analysis, Director of Decision Support, Business Development
Manager of Innovation and Middle East and Asia, Business
Project Manager and Business Unit Controller of Engineering
Applications. Mr. Boesen was seconded by Borealis to Borouge
from 2005 to 2008 and again from 2011 to 2018. Mr. Boesen is
also a member of the Board of Directors of Borouge 4 LLC.
Mr. Boesen holds a Master’s degree in Economics and Business
Administration from Copenhagen Business School, Denmark, with
a specialisation in Finance, Accounting and International Business.
MR. THOMAS MICHAEL BOESEN
DIRECTOR

=== [AR2023.pdf p51] ===
100 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 101
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Mr. Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi has been the Chief Executive Officer
of ADP since January 2020 and has been appointed as the Chief
Executive Officer of Borouge. He has been leading the Company’s
Executive Management
operating activities, boosting its growth projects and contributing
to developing the UAE’s petrochemicals industry. From 2017 to
BOROUGE ORGANISATION CHART 2019, Mr. Al Suwaidi was the CEO of Al Ruwais Fertiliser Industries
LLC (Fertil), where he played a pivotal role in growing the business
regionally and internationally and successfully transformed it into
a high-performing, market-facing and people-centred company.
Before moving to Fertil in 2017, Mr. Al Suwaidi was the Senior Vice
President Regional Sales MEA at PTE, where he successfully
secured a strong market position for Borouge’s products
in the MEA region with strong commercial performance during
the high-growth period of Borouge 3 capacity ramp-up. In
addition, Mr. Al Suwaidi is currently a board member of the
Gulf Petrochemicals and Chemicals Association (GPCA).
Mr. Al Suwaidi holds a Bachelor’s degree with honours in Business
Administration majoring in Marketing from the California State
University of San Bernardino, United States of America.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
HAZEEM SULTAN AL SUWAIDI
BOROUGE PLC
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
HAZEEM S. AL SUWAIDI* RAINER HOEFLING**
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER
Mr. Rainer Hoefling has been the Chief Executive Officer of PTE
since November 2021 and has been appointed as the Chief
Marketing Officer of Borouge. Mr. Hoefling joined Borealis in
2007 as Director of the Melamine Business Unit. Mr. Hoefling
served as the Chief Executive Officer of Borealis’ fertilisers,
melamine and technical nitrogen business from October 2018
to November 2021 and as a Senior Advisor from August to
October 2021. Mr. Hoefling previously worked at Teufelberger
Ges.m.b.H, PCD Polymere Ges.m.b.H and c. Mr. Hoefling was
appointed as Interim Executive Vice President Polyolefins and
DR HASAN KARAM JAN-MARTIN NUFER
Innovation and Technology in April 2018. Mr. Hoefling is also a
CHIEF OPERATION CHIEF FINANCIAL
board member of Singapore Chemical Industry Council Limited.
OFFICER OFFICER
Mr. Hoefling holds a Master of Science in Plastic
Engineering from the University of Applied Sciences
Würzburg, Germany, and a Master of Business
Administration from the University of Toronto, Canada.
RAINER HOEFLING
CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER
(*) Mr. Al Suwaidi is also Chief Executive Officer of ADP
(**) Mr. Hoefling is also Chief Executive Officer of PTE

=== [AR2023.pdf p52] ===
102 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 103
Mr. Jan-Martin Nufer joined Borouge on 1 November 2022 as
Chief Financial Officer of Borouge. He has broad international DIRECTOR POSITION APPOINTMENT SALARIES AND TOTAL OTHER
experience in various finance roles, senior leading and board DATE ALLOWANCES BONUSES BENEFITS
positions for more than 25 years. Mr. Nufer has managed IN USD IN THE
projects globally and has led finance organisations in a NEAR
variety of set-ups. Prior to Borouge, he spent 16 years in FUTURE
petrochemicals (Borealis) and before that in a number of
multinational industries such as aviation, telecommunication, Hazeem Sultan Chief Executive 10 May 2022 572,725 - -
financial advisory, large conglomerates and banking. Al Suwaidi Officer
He has been closely involved with Borouge from the shareholder
Jan-Martin Nufer Chief Financial 1 November 2022 525,714 - -
side since 2007 for Borouge 2, 3 and 4 and the successful
Officer
Listing in 2022. Mr. Nufer is a founding board member of
ACTA, the Austrian Corporate Treasury Association and EACT
(European Corporate Treasury Association) deputy chair. Rainer Hoefling Chief Marketing 10 May 2022 1,033,000 -
Officer
Mr. Nufer is a trained banker and holds a degree (Diplomkaufmann,
eq. Master) from the University of Mannheim, Germany. Dr. Hasan Karam* Chief Operating 1 May 2023 341,714 - -
JAN-MARTIN NUFER
Officer
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Louis Desal** Chief Operating -
10 May 2022 185,123
Officer
Dr. Hasan Karam joined Borouge on 1 May 2023 as Chief
(*) Dr. Hasan was appointed by the Board of Directors with effect from 1 May 2023 and his salary reported above relates to the
Operating Officer of Borouge. An oil and gas industry veteran
period from 1 May to 31 December 2023. replacing Mr. Louis Desal as Chief Operating Officer. The salary reported here has
with nearly 30 years of experience in refinery operations, Dr.
been prorated from 1 Jan to 30 April 2023. Bonus in relation to 2023 payable in 2024 have not been determined or awarded
Hasan Karam oversees day-to-day administrative and operational
functions at Borouge. Previously, Dr. Karam held senior positions
in various capacities at ADNOC Refining, steering the growth and
transformation of the company’s performance-driven culture.
In his most recent role as Vice President of Plant Operations
at Al Ruwais Refinery, Dr. Karam was instrumental
in developing the site into one of the largest refinery
complexes in the world and contributing to the commercial
performance and sustainable growth of its operations.
Dr. Karam holds a Ph.D. in Project Management
from SKEMA Business School, France.
DR. HASAN KARAM
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Mr. Louis Roland R. Desal was the Chief Operating Officer of ADP
since November 2017 and was appointed as the Chief Operating
Officer of Borouge until 30 April 2023. Prior to joining ADP,
Mr. Desal spent over 27 years in operations with Borealis. During
his time at Borealis, Mr. Desal held various positions including
HSE Manager responsible for the Belgian production locations,
Head of the Process Safety Leadership team for the European
locations of the Borealis Group, and Senior Vice President of
Operations Base Chemicals where he was responsible for the
Hydrocarbon and Fertiliser production units at different locations
in Europe.
Mr. Desal holds a Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering
from Provinciale Industriele Hogeschool HOWEST –
Kortrijk, Belgium in 1982, and an Executive Master’s
degree in Business Administration (MBA) from the Austrian
Business School, Limak Linz, Austria in 2010.
LOUIS DESAL (30 APRIL 2023)
FORMER CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

=== [AR2023.pdf p53] ===
104 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 105
External Auditors
Borouge entrusted the external audit function for Borouge’s yearly accounts to Ernst and Young Middle East. The following table sets out the meetings held by the Executive Committee in 2023: A=ABSENT P=PRESENT
Number of years served as an external auditor for the Company 2 YEARS DIRECTOR POSITION 31 6 26 20 19 22 17 11
JAN MAR APR JUN JUL SEP OCT DEC
Number of years served by the responsible partner in auditing the Company’s accounts 2 YEARS
Khaled Salmeen Chairman and P P P P P P P P
Total fees for auditing the financial statements of 2023 (in AED) 2,497,300.00
Member
The details and nature of other services provided (if any), and in case INCOME TAX AUDIT:
Philippe René Vice Chairman P P P P P P P P
there are no other services, this shall be expressly stated AED 78,750
M. Roodhooft and Member
ICFR OPINION: AED 146,900
Khaled Al Zaabi Member P P P P P P P A
A statement of the other services performed by an external auditor other than the Company’s NONE
auditor in 2023 (if any), and in case there is no another auditor, this shall be expressly stated
Thomas Michael Member P P P P P P P P
The fees and costs of the special services other than the auditing of the financial statements AED 128,492
Boesen
in 2023 (in AED), if any, and in case there are no other fees, this shall be expressly stated
Fatema Al Nuaimi* Member - - - - P P A A
For our annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, Ernst and Young Middle East issued an unqualified audit opinion.
Ahmed Omar Member P P P P - - - -
Abdulla**
Executive Committee
(*) Ms. Fatema Al Nuaimi was appointed as a member to the Executive Committee on 27 October 2023.
(**) Mr. Ahmed Omar Abdulla ceased to be a member of the Executive Committee on 19 August 2023.
The Executive Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities, including in relation to the Company’s
commercial performance. The Board has delegated to the Executive Committee approval of related party
transactions. However, certain related party transactions will not require such approval (including transactions
entered into pursuant to the related party agreements already existing on the date of the Listing).
Decisions regarding related party transactions are generally procurement, investment and business continuity.
made by way of a vote of non conflicted committee members, The Executive Committee also receives information and
although in certain circumstances all members of the reporting relating to the business and operations of the
Executive Committee will be entitled to vote (these matters Group. All members of the Executive Committee are required
include (without limitation) related party transactions entered to comply with the Group’s information sharing protocol
in relation to any proposed acquisition of the business which sets out guidelines on matters relating to the sharing
or assets, or any proposed acquisition of any shares in of non-public confidential information and insider trading.
the capital of Borouge 4 LLC, the purchase of polyolefin
technology licences, certain research and development The members of the Executive Committee acknowledge their
matters and certain other ordinary course transactions). responsibility for the Executive Committee’s systems, review
of their work mechanism, and ensuring their effectiveness.
Along with related party transactions, various other The Chairman of the Executive Committee also
decisions are reserved to the Executive Committee, acknowledges his responsibility for the committee’s
including the approval, amendment or termination of Group policy, review of its work mechanism and ensuring
policies relating to finance, budget and business planning, its effectiveness.

=== [AR2023.pdf p54] ===
106 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 107
Nomination And Remuneration Committee Audit Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists the Board in setting and overseeing the nomination The Audit Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to financial reporting, external and internal
and remuneration policies in respect of the Board, any committees of the Board and senior management. audits and controls, including reviewing and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, reviewing and monitoring the
In such capacity, it is responsible for evaluating certain matters relating to Borouge’s executive extent of the non audit work undertaken by external auditors, advising on the appointment of external auditors, overseeing
management, evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the Board and committees the relationship with our external auditors, reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit process, and reviewing the
of the Board and, in particular, monitoring the independent status of the independent Directors. effectiveness of our internal control review function. The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the annual report
and accounts remains with the Board. The Audit Committee gives due consideration to the applicable laws and regulations
of the UAE, the ADGM, the SCA and the ADX.
In addition, and subject to the Articles, the Nomination and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee will need to be
Remuneration Committee assists the Board in determining its Non-Executive Directors (of whom at least two will need to be
The Audit Committee Terms of Reference requires that the Audit The Audit Committee takes appropriate steps to ensure
responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making independent), in each case within the meaning of those terms
Committee must comprise six members. At least three members that the Company’s external auditors are independent
recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy in the Governance Rules. The Nomination and Remuneration
of the Audit Committee must be Non-Executive Directors (of of the Company as required by applicable law.
on executive remuneration and decisions on certain of Committee meets at least four times per year, and otherwise
whom at least two must be independent). In addition, at least
the Group’s human capital policies, setting the from time to time based on the Company’s requirements.
one member is required to have practical audit, finance or The members of the Audit Committee acknowledge their
overarching principles, parameters and governance
accounting experience. The Audit Committee is chaired by responsibility for the Audit Committee’s systems, review of
framework of our remuneration policy and overseeing All members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
one of the independent members and includes other members their work mechanism, and ensuring their effectiveness.
remuneration and benefits packages. are required to comply with the Group’s information sharing
elected by the Board from time to time. The members of the The Chairman of the Audit Committee also acknowledges his
protocol which sets out guidelines on matters relating to the
Audit Committee are appointed in accordance with the relevant responsibility for the committee’s policy, review of its work
The Board has delegated to the Nomination and Remuneration sharing of material non-public information and insider trading.
terms of reference. The Audit Committee meets not less than mechanism and ensuring its effectiveness.
Committee decisions in relation to the appointment,
four times per year. All members of the Audit Committee
removal and replacement of personnel reporting directly The members of the Nomination and Remuneration
are required to comply with the Group’s information sharing
to the Company’s chief executive officer, senior vice- Committee acknowledge their responsibility for the
protocol which sets out guidelines on matters relating to the
presidents of the Group and management personnel Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s systems, review
sharing of material non public information and insider trading.
reporting directly to the Group’s senior vice-presidents. of their work mechanism, and ensuring their effectiveness.
The Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference Committee also acknowledges his responsibility for
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Executive Committee in 2023:
require that the Nomination and Remuneration Committee the committee’s policy, review of its work
must comprise four members. At least three of the members mechanism and ensuring its effectiveness.
DIRECTOR POSITION EXTRAORDINARY AC#4/2023 AC#1/2023 AC#2/2023 AC#3/2023
MEETING#1 DATED 23 DATED 25 DATED 24 DATED 20
DATED 12 JANUARY APRIL 2023 JULY 2023 OCTOBER
JANUARY 2023. 2023 2023
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Executive Committee in 2023: A=ABSENT P=PRESENT (PART 1)23
OCTOBER
2023
DIRECTOR POSITION 10 25 22
(PART 2)26
MAR JUL NOV
OCTOBER
2023
(PART3)
Khaled Salmeen Chairperson P P P
Khaled Al Chairman P P P P P
Zaabi
Philippe René Deputy Chair P P P
M. Roodhooft
Tasnim Al Member P P P P P
Mzaini
Ayesh Al Hammdi Member P P P
Ahmed Member P P P P P
Abujarad
Thomas Michael Member P P P
Boesen
Daniel Vice Chairman - - - P P
Turnheim (*) and Member
Mark Vice Chairman P P P - -
Tonkens (**) and Member
Thomas Member P P P P P
Boesen
Sandra Mueller Member P P P P P
*Daniel Turnheim appointed as member and vice-chairperson of Audit committee of Borouge Plc as of 06 June 2023
**Mr. Mark Tonkens resigned as member and vice-chairman of Borouge PLC Audit Committee as of 31 May 2023.

=== [AR2023.pdf p55] ===
108 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 109
General Information
0 Company’s Share Performance During 2023
Trading of Borouge shares on the ADX started on 3 June 2022 under the symbol BOROUGE. The share price on
31 December 2023 was AED 2.47. Borouge’s market capitalisation on 31 December 2023 was AED 74 billion. The following
No violations were
table sets out the closing price and the high and low share prices of our shares at the end of each month during 2023.
committed by Borouge
in 2023
The above statements do not imply that our systems HIGH (AED) LOW (AED) CLOSE (AED)
and procedures provide absolute assurance as to
the realisation of our business objectives, or that
they can prevent all misstatements, inaccuracies,
errors, fraud and any non-compliance. January 2.74 2.59 2.60
February 2.72 2.53 2.55
March 2.64 2.52 2.57
April 2.69 2.56 2.64
May 2.71 2.59 2.59
June 2.64 2.55 2.64
July 2.78 2.61 2.73
August 2.80 2.71 2.73
September 2.77 2.63 2.64
October 2.61 2.49 2.51
November 2.59 2.48 2.52
December 2.51 2.41 2.47
Source: Bloomberg

=== [AR2023.pdf p56] ===
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 111
BREAKDOWN OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
SHAREHOLDER CATEGORY PERCENTAGE OF SHARES HELD
Individual Companies Government Total
Local 2.83% 58.91% 0.55% 62.30%
GCC 0.06% 0.66% - 0.72%
Arab 0.09% - - 0.09%
Foreign 0.15% 36.75% - 36.89%
Total 3.13% 96.32% 0.56% 100%
Source: ADX
SHAREHOLDERS WHO HELD 5% OR MORE OF BOROUGE’S CAPITAL AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
NAME NUMBER OF SHARES HELD % OF THE SHARES HELD OF
THE COMPANY’S CAPITAL
Abu Dhabi National 16,231,153,455 54%
Oil Company
Borealis Middle East 10,820,768,970 36%
Holding GmbH
Source: ADX
SHAREHOLDERS WHO HELD 5% OR MORE OF BOROUGE’S CAPITAL AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
SHARE(S) OWNED NUMBER OF NUMBER OF % OF THE SHARES HELD
SHAREHOLDERS SHARE HELD OF THE CAPITAL
COMPARATIVE PERFORMANCE OF BOROUGE’S SHARE PRICE WITH
THE GENERAL MARKET INDEX AND SECTOR INDEX DURING 2023 Less than 50,000 22,295 100,556,861 0.33%
AED
2.9
From 50,000 to less 1,472 214,264,923 0.71%
than 500,000
2.8
2.7 From 500,000 to less 405 591,721,646 1.97%
than 5,000,000
2.6
More than 5,000,000 73 29,151,148,153 96.98%
2.5
2.4
Source: ADX
2.3
2.2
2.1
Jan-23 Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23
Borouge ADX (Rebased)
Source: Bloomberg

=== [AR2023.pdf p57] ===
112 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 113
PROCEDURES TAKEN WITH RESPECT THE SECRETARY TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
TO THE CONTROLS OF INVESTOR RELATIONS The position of the Board Secretary is held by Mr. Ahmad
Throughout the year, Borouge’s Investor Relations Department Ma’abreh from Allen and Overy LLP, a multinational law firm
publishes earnings releases and arranges briefings, conference headquartered in London (Allen & Overy). Mr. Ma’abreh is a
calls and webcasts to raise investors’ awareness globally partner in the corporate team of Allen & Overy’s Abu Dhabi
about the Company’s attractive value proposition among listed office. Mr. Ma’abreh was appointed effective 1 February 2023.
companies and provides updates on Borouge’s strategy and
performance. Each quarter, Borouge holds earnings conference Prior to his appointment, Seif Al Hijazi, Borouge’s Regional
calls and webcasts to communicate its quarterly and annual Legal Counsel based in Abu Dhabi, was appointed Secretary
results to analysts, shareholders, and investors to discuss its to the Board of Directors from 27 April 2023. Mr. Hijazi is a
financials and outlook. Copies of all presentations, releases and legal professional with over 15 years of experience in both
investor information are available on its investor relations website. multinationals and international law firms. Mr. Hijazi holds a
A proactive Investor Relations strategy is key to sustaining Bachelor of Law from Philadelphia University and an LL.M.
investor trust and maximising shareholder value, particularly in International Business Law from Exeter University.
during volatile market conditions and global uncertainty.
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT INFORMATION
Investor Relations Officer: Samar Khan
Contact: ir@borouge.com
https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-relations/Pages/home.aspx
GENERAL ASSEMBLY AND SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS
PRESENTED TO THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
(INCLUDING MATERIAL EVENTS)
BOROUGE PLC - ANNUAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY
MEETING HELD ON 13 MARCH 2023
1. Approved the Board of Directors’ report on the
Company’s activities and its financial position for the
financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
2. Approved the external auditor’s report for the
financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
3. Approved the Company’s audited financial statements
for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
4. Approved the Board of Directors’ recommendation concerning
a cash dividend distribution of USD 650,000,000 (equivalent
to AED 2,387,125,000 amounting to approximately 7.9 fils per
share) for the second half of the financial year ended on 31
December 2023 bringing the total post IPO cash dividend for the
financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to USD 975 million.
5. Approved the remuneration for services of the Board
of Directors in the amount of AED 14,730,000 for the
financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
6. Absolved the members of the Board of Directors of liability
for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
7. Absolved the auditors of liability for the financial
year ended on 31 December 2023.
8. Approved the Board of Directors’ recommendation to appoint
Ernst and Young Middle East as external auditors of the
Company for the financial year 2023 and determined their
remuneration at USD 680,000 plus any applicable VAT.
BOROUGE PLC - GENERAL ASSEMBLY
MEETING HELD ON 30 AUGUST 2023
• Approved the recommendation of the Board of
Directors concerning a cash interim dividend
distribution of USD 650,000,000 (equivalent to AED
2,387,125,000 amounting to approximately 7.9 fils per
share) for the first half of the financial year 2023.

=== [AR2023.pdf p58] ===
114 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 115
CASH AND IN-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD
THE LOCAL COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONSERVATION
During 2023, Borouge has paid for the following contributions:
AED 280,000 in relation to local community development and
USD 14.15 Million in relation to environment conservation (*)
(*) These amounts are not given in physical, hard
currency, but payable via wire transfer, cheque etc.
EMIRATISATION PERCENTAGE IN BOROUGE
51.82%
Emiratisation rate as of
31 December 2023

=== [AR2023.pdf p59] ===
116 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 117
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE CODE OF CONDUCT
The Borouge Code of Conduct,
Becoming the world’s most can be downloaded from
our website as below:
trusted and respected
<https://www.borouge.com/en/
investor-relations/Documents/
petrochemical company
Corporate%20governance%20
Documents/Code%20of%20
Conduct_EN_v11.pdf>
World-class businesses are founded on leading ethics and compliance standards The Code of Conduct also applies to every
the highest ethical standards of conduct. that Borouge has established with our employee and any contracted personnel
We have created a culture that promotes employees, customers and suppliers. who works for, or represents us, worldwide.
trust and nurtures relationships and ethical
conduct by focusing on responsibility and The expectations defined in For third parties, we have a Third-Party
respect, which is at the core of our values. our Code of Conduct: Code of Conduct which serves a similar
Our journey to become the world’s most • require our people to act ethically purpose for those external to Borouge.
trusted and respected petrochemical and responsibly with integrity; The Borouge Third Party Code of Conduct
company guides everything we do. Our • establish a culture of openness, trust, sets out the minimum standard for ethical
trust agenda is essential to how we deliver and integrity in our business practices; business practice that we expect from any
on our purpose and create long-term value • define roles, responsibilities, third party working with Borouge. These
for both shareholders and society and is and accountabilities; and basic rules and standards are necessary
a priority for maintaining a responsible • maintain the expectations of to conduct Borouge-related business
and sustainable business for Borouge. adherence to business ethics in in an ethical and compliant manner and
all our Company’s practices. in accordance with Borouge’s values.
Central to this mission is responsible
leadership, and for Borouge, this
is focused on driving value for the
organisation while honouring the Borouge THIRD PARTY CODE OF CONDUCT
values. Driven by the highest levels of
the Company, our Board of Directors,
The Borouge Third Party Code of
CEO, executive management and senior
Conduct can also be downloaded
leadership set the tone from the top
from our website as below:
and provide their strong commitment to
ensuring Borouge maintains and promote
<https://www.borouge.com/en/
ethically responsible leadership and
investor-relations/Documents/
Borouge operates with the highest level of
Corporate%20governance%20
ethical standards in our daily operations.
Documents/Code%20of%20
Conduct_EN%20Final.pdf>
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance
team is entrusted to drive the Ethics
and Compliance programme in
furtherance of our trust agenda.
BOROUGE CODE OF CONDUCT
Our Borouge Code of Conduct is the
foundation that underpins the key
principles by which we operate. It
reflects our commitment to uphold the
highest standards of ethical business
practices and is aligned with our core
values. The Code forms the anchor for
all compliance policies, which together
establish the expected standards of
ethical behaviour everything we do.
The Code is updated regularly to reflect
the changing risk environment in a
progressive business landscape and,
fundamentally, helps us maintain the

=== [AR2023.pdf p60] ===
118 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 119
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
Ethics and Compliance
Leadership
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance portfolio of Super Majors including Exxon, including speaking at the United
programme is led by our Head, Ethics, Shell plc, Total Energies, BP, Chevron Nations, New York, on Leadership and
Compliance & Risk, Ms. Genevieve Wan. and ConocoPhillips and pharmaceutical Effecting Ethical and Cultural Change.
Ms. Wan was appointed in 2017 and companies including Johnson &
reports to the Senior Vice President, Johnson, Eli Lilly, and Sanofi. She has a THE BOROUGE ETHICS &
Corporate Governance. Ms. Wan has 30 dual Master’s degree from the Wharton COMPLIANCE FRAMEWORK
years of experience both in the petroleum School of Business and the University of The Borouge Ethics & Compliance
and pharmaceutical industries. Pennsylvania, School of Engineering, and Framework is centred on the Borouge
Prior to joining Borouge, Ms. Wan was an undergraduate degree in Accounting. Code of Conduct and our Values. This
the Head of Ethics and Compliance, Asia Ms. Wan is a Certified Anti-Money Framework provides a comprehensive
Pacific for GlaxoSmithKline, a major global Laundering Specialist, certified by and robust approach to ensure that our
pharmaceutical company. She held various the Society of Corporate Compliance Ethics and Compliance Programme is
senior leadership positions across North and Ethics (SCCE) and Leadership based on The Committee of Sponsoring
America, Europe and Asia in functional Professional in Ethics and Compliance Organizations of the Treadway Commission
roles related to Ethics and Compliance, (LPEC). Ms. Wan has worked extensively (COSO) Internal Control Integrated
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), with regulators and government agencies Framework and is aligned with the highest
Corporate Governance, Governance, Risk on deferred prosecution agreements level of international standards (e.g. the
and Compliance (GRC), Internal Audit (DPAs), governmental investigations and seven elements of an effective Compliance
and Information Technology. Prior to this, evolving legal and ethical standards in programme), and in compliance with
Ms. Wan was a management consultant high- risk jurisdictions. She is often a the latest regulatory requirements.
specialising in strategy and transformation, guest speaker at internationally sponsored
supply chain and manufacturing across a Ethics and Compliance conferences
THE BOROUGE ETHICS & COMPLIANCE PROGRAMME
Aligned with our Ethics and Compliance Framework, the
Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team monitors key risks
associated with our dynamic business environment and global
trends to adapt and stay relevant with evolving and emerging
risk areas. This ensures that our programme is adequately
designed and adapted to our business and operational needs.
Below are the key areas of our 2023 programme managed under
Borouge E&C with details in the following respective sections.

=== [AR2023.pdf p61] ===
120 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 121
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT ANTI BRIBERY & CORRUPTION (ABAC)
– CONTINUED At Borouge, we are committed to doing BOROUGE TAKES A ZERO TOLERANCE
APPROACH TOWARDS FRAUD, BRIBERY, MONEY
business lawfully, ethically and with
LAUNDERING AND ALL FORMS OF CORRUPTION
integrity, and we expect all our employees
and representatives to act accordingly.
Consistent with this commitment, we take
ANTI-BRIBERY & CONFLICTS OF INTEREST GIFTS AND SANCTIONS & EXPORT KEY POINTS
a zero-tolerance approach to fraud, bribery
CORRUPTION (ABAC) ENTERTAINMENT CONTROLS
and all other forms of corruption. Borouge
All transactions performed should be recorded promptly and in
fully complies with the applicable bribery
compliance with our internal controls.
and corruption laws and regulations in
Ensuring we comply with Ensuring we conduct Ensuring transparent and Ensuring we comply with
each jurisdiction in which we operate,
all applicable ABAC laws business in a conflict- conflict-free practices all applicable and evolving
and regulations in each free manner. related to gifting and sanctions and export controls as part of our efforts to maintain strong Facilitation Payments are strictly prohibited.
and effective compliance controls.
jurisdiction we operate in. entertainment practices is regulations in all jurisdictions
essential to ethical business where we operate. Any potential activities/donations undertaken by Borouge employees
Our Anti-Corruption compliance
conduct for Borouge. must be in their personal capacity, should not be carried out during
programme is comprised of our values,
company time, should not involve Borouge resources, premises or
the Borouge Code of Conduct, Anti-
funds and must comply with applicable law.
Bribery and Corruption (“ABAC”) Policy,
ANTI-MONEY THIRD-PARTY RISK DATA PRIVACY & INTERNAL CONTROLS
risk management, internal and external
LAUNDERING & COUNTER MANAGEMENT PROTECTION OVER FINANCIAL
communications, internal and external
TERRORIST FINANCING REPORTING AND
training, monitoring and oversight and
INTERNAL CONTROLS
reporting to safeguard our business and to
FRAMEWORK
prevent and prohibit improper practices,
as well as educate our employees and
third parties on these legal requirements.
Ensuring we go to the Ensuring we have a robust Maintaining employee and Periodically assessing,
farthest extent to combat and effective way to third parties’ trust in how mitigating and reporting on
The Borouge Anti-Bribery and Corruption
money laundering and understand and manage we manage and process the design and effectiveness
Policy applies to engagement with both
terrorist financing schemes. who we do business personal data as well of internal controls in the
public and private sectors and sets out our
with and which third as ensuring compliance Borouge environment.
requirements to ensure that none of our
parties represent us. with data protection laws
employees or third party representatives
in each of the countries
engage in any improper activities. It contains
where we operate in.
key guidelines relating to any interactions
with government officials and prohibits
facilitation payments, both of which are
WHISTLEBLOWING, INSIDE INFORMATION considered high risk from a corruption
INVESTIGATION AND MANAGEMENT AND perspective. Facilitation payments are a
ETHICS & COMPLIANCE INSIDER DEALING type of bribe generally used to facilitate
COMMITTEE or expedite the performance of routine,
non-discretionary government action.
These payments are strictly prohibited.
Maintaining confidentiality Ensuring we comply Over the last five years, including in
and protecting whistleblowers with capital markets and 2023, Borouge did not identify any
in managing compliance securities regulations incidents of bribery and corruption
concerns matters is related to Inside Information related to its business.
paramount to maintaining and Insider Dealing.
trust of our employees Borouge continues to promote a high
and third parties. level of ABAC awareness through a robust
training and communication programme.
Our ABAC eLearning module is designed
to ensure that employees can adequately:
· identify common ABAC risks and create
awareness of bribery and corruption risk;
· recognise the critical role that
Borouge employees play in
preventing bribery and corruption;
· understand key elements and
negative implications of Bribery
and Corruption; and
· identify the reporting channels for
escalation and reporting of bribery
and corruption instances.
For further details, please visit the full
2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
Report on www.borouge.com

=== [AR2023.pdf p62] ===
122 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 123
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (COI) The Borouge Ethics & Compliance team GIFTS & ENTERTAINMENT not be given or received on such a scale
All business transactions in Borouge should has implemented a mandatory online 100% Gifts and entertainment can be construed or occasion that it could be construed
be undertaken in an objective manner and Conflict of Interest declaration process, as bribery and corruption if it is given as an inducement to do business or
of the Conflicts of
free from potential conflicts of interest. where every employee is required to and received inappropriately without the could result in biased decision making
Every situation must be considered and declare the existence of any conflict Interest declared adequate safeguards and guidelines in especially during sensitive periods
navigated with an unyielding, Borouge- of interest. The Borouge Ethics and place. In Borouge, our general principle such as during open tenders, contract
have been
centric focus. Any activity, transaction or Compliance team reviews and clears is that gifts or entertainment may not be awards, contact renewals or audits.
relationship that raises a potential conflict each conflict of interest submitted and the addressed, mitigated sought, given or received, either directly
of interest should be disclosed or avoided. employee’s line management is informed. or indirectly, if it is perceived and/or could As a result of the above controls, there
or removed.
influence the judgment of the recipient or is a strong awareness of the importance
Our Conflicts of Interest Policy sets out In 2023, the Borouge Ethics & Compliance create an obligation to return the favour. of adherence and compliance with
our requirements regarding the avoidance team published organisation-wide the Borouge Gift and Entertainment
and management of conflicts of interest communications with scenarios and The Borouge Gift and Entertainment requirements across Borouge.
that may arise as a result of activities common pitfalls to help employees Policy details the acceptable practices,
outside of employment with Borouge, avoid any potential conflict situations. monetary limits with corresponding For further details, please visit the full
including the avoidance of situations approvals / declaration requirements 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
that appear to be a conflict of interest. For further details, please visit the full and reporting violations related to Gifts Report on www.borouge.com
Under this policy, potential conflicts of 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance & Entertainment activities. In the event
interest must be promptly disclosed so Report on www.borouge.com where gifts or entertainment are required
that the necessary steps are taken to to make valuable contributions towards
address, mitigate or remove the conflict of good business relationships, they should
interest. We encourage employees to be
as transparent as possible and disclose
any actual or perceived conflict of interest
so the appropriate course of action can
be taken to protect Borouge’s interests.

=== [AR2023.pdf p63] ===
124 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 125
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND all applicable Anti-Money Laundering/ furthest extent. This is consistent with our THIRD-PARTY RISK MANAGEMENT which includes escalating any potential aligned to the Borouge Ethics and
COUNTER-TERRORISM FINANCING Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CTF) values, the Borouge Code of Conduct Borouge is committed to conducting adverse changes to the status of these Compliance standards. The training and
Borouge is committed to the international laws and regulations to deter criminal and our a zero-tolerance approach business ethically, lawfully, and with third parties and any red flag raised certification programme is comprised
fight against money laundering and enterprise in the countries where we do to all forms of money laundering. the highest levels of integrity when is routed to the Borouge Ethics and of online videos and training material. In
terrorism financing and we comply with business and protect our company to the engaging with various third parties, Compliance team for further review. This 2023, 100 percent of our key business
including, but not limited to, customers, continuous monitoring and systematic partners completed the training and
suppliers, contractors, logistics vendors, screening process provides the assurance provided attestation certificates.
KEY FEATURES OF THE BOROUGE AML COMPLIANCE PROGRAM and legal and advisory firms as a part to Borouge senior management and
of Borouge’s global value chain. stakeholders engaging with these third For further details, please visit the full
parties that their business partners 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
THIRD-PARTY RISK PROGRAMME are being screened from an ethics and Report on www.borouge.com
As such, the Ethics & Compliance compliance risk perspective, both at on
Implementation of appropriate The Head of Ethics,
team has implemented the following boarding and on a continual basis.
processes to conduct due to Compliance & Risk is the
key initiatives and controls to
diligence on all third parties. Money Laundering Reporting
manage our third-party risks: ENHANCED DUE DILIGENCE
Officer (MRLO) for Borouge.
In addition, the Borouge Ethics &
Compliance team conducts Enhanced
Due Diligence (EDD) reviews on entities
where IDD results represent high business
Development of an Implementation of the Anti-Money Third Party risk, for example, the appointment of key
effective AML training and Laundering Policy to ensure business partners to be approved by the
Risk Programme
awareness programme. that the compliance with all Board. Reviews include collaboration
applicable laws and regulations. with business partners to assess whether
Integrity due
risk mitigation has been effectively
diligence established and implemented to
address concerns arising from the due
Monitoring and reporting suspicious diligence reports. In certain situations,
activities whenever appropriate. Enhanced due it may be necessary for the business
diligence partner to undertake mitigation steps
and follow-up actions recommended
by the Borouge Ethics & Compliance
Key business team, providing value enhancements
to their control environment.
partners (distributor/
We have implemented a robust AML
compliance programme with controls agent review) KEY BUSINESS PARTNERS
(DISTRIBUTOR/AGENT)
to combat money laundering and
COMPLIANCE REVIEW
terrorist financing schemes.
Borouge third party, As part of the Borouge Third Party
Ethics and Compliance programme,
Our employees have been trained to ensure code of conduct,
Borouge also performs reviews on
they do not facilitate money laundering or
terrorist financing activities and they should awareness & selected key Borouge business partners
including distributors, to assess their
remain vigilant and go the farthest extent monitoring
overall compliance with international
possible to prevent the inadvertent use of
regulatory and legal requirements as well
Borouge’s business activities for money
as Borouge’s policies and procedures.
laundering and terrorist financing activities.
Any control gaps, deficiencies and
They are also aware that if they should
INTEGRITY DUE DILIGENCE recommended enhancements are
observe any suspicious activity, they should
The Borouge Integrity Due Diligence discussed and agreed with their
report this immediately to the Ethics &
(IDD) Policy sets out the risk-based senior management and all mitigation
Compliance team for further investigation.
criteria used to review each of our third actions are tracked to completion.
party against a set of factors including
Over the last five years, including
sanctions exposure, litigation, politically BOROUGE THIRD PARTY CODE
in 2023, Borouge has not identified
exposed persons (“PEPs”) and others. OF CONDUCT, AWARENESS
any instances of money laundering
This IDD policy forms the backbone & MONITORING
or counter-terrorism financing.
of the Borouge third party risk review All the third parties that Borouge engages
process and is a pre-requisite to our are provided with a copy of the Borouge
For further details, please visit the full
onboarding and registration process. Third Party Code of Conduct and asked
2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
to confirm their commitment to adhering
Report on www.borouge.com
As of the end of 2023, 10,860 existing to its principles. In addition, annually,
third parties were screened, and 1,030 Borouge Ethics & Compliance carries
additional third parties were subject to out a dedicated training and certification
the IDD review process as part of the programme for all key business partners
Borouge Third Party onboarding process. to enhance awareness of the Borouge
Once screened, these third parties are Code of Conduct, Third Party Code of
continuously monitored on a daily basis, Conduct and compliance expectations

=== [AR2023.pdf p64] ===
126 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 127
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
SANCTIONS AND EXPORT CONTROLS updates provided assurance to Borouge with high sanctions regulations on
Borouge is committed to adhering to management and our key stakeholders that Sanctions Recusal procedures.
all applicable international government Borouge’s risk exposure arising from the • In addition, the Borouge Ethics &
economic and trade sanctions laws Russian-Ukraine crisis was immaterial in Compliance team have trained the
including the local laws of countries where relation to Borouge’s operations and any Borouge PLC Executive Management
we operate. This is especially critical unexpected developments which could Team and the Borouge PTE
as Borouge operates in a progressive occur during this dynamic and evolving Executive Team on relevant sanctions
business landscape where sanctions situation were properly managed. developments in US, UK and EU as it
regulations are continually evolving. pertains to Borouge’s core business.
Sanctions are imposed by various In 2022, we conducted an export controls
governments or international bodies in review on our top 50 products to determine Through these training and awareness
an attempt to isolate or impede specific if those products had a US nexus and sessions, our senior management and
individuals, entities or jurisdictions for required special handling under export employees gained an appreciation of why
specific purposes or specific activities. The control regulations. The conclusion of complying with international sanctions
scope of these trade sanctions and trade the review is that these products had and export regulations is vital, increased
embargos varies widely from country to no US nexus and therefore did not need understanding of sanctions and export
country and evolve and change constantly. additional export controls. Borouge risks, key sanctions recusal obligations and
It is essential for Borouge to stay up E&C also conducted a risk review of how to safeguard Borouge’s interests.
to date with all sanctions and export our equipment sourced and located in
controls changes and understand their UAE, China and Singapore to check for Senior management has prioritised
impact on our business. Our Sanctions potential dual use status. Approximately the continued focus on sanctions by
& Export Controls Policy and Sanctions 144,535 pieces of equipment were committing to further resource and
Recusal Policy set out our commitment to checked, covering Borouge’s most enhance the Sanctions and Export Controls
complying with all applicable sanctions, critical equipment in our three key sites. programme to ensure this stays a priority
appropriately managing sanctions risk The results of the review reported zero for the company in 2024 and beyond.
and prohibiting transactions designed or equipment of dual use nature, giving
intended to evade applicable sanctions. us further assurance of our continuing
compliance with export control regulations. For further details, please visit the full
To manage our sanctions risk exposure and 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
ensure compliance, we have implemented Continuing the journey in 2023, Borouge Report on www.borouge.com
a robust compliance programme which further enhanced its sanctions and
includes controls and processes to mitigate export controls screening procedures
the risk of dealing with sanctioned parties. with the support of a third-party service
Our programme combines a powerful third- provider. Through enhanced screening
party screening technology used to screen functions, Borouge incorporated enhanced
all counterparties, which continuously ownership information as part of the
monitors any potential sanctions red KYC process on all counterparties where
flags on our counterparties on a daily the additional information is available.
basis. With the skills of our dedicated Borouge has continued to conduct
analysts, all potential issues arising from regular sanctions training for its business
the screening results are adjudicated, and management teams. Such training
based on document reviews and research, includes recent developments in
and are resolved by applying appropriate international sanctions regimes as well
mitigation measures to any restrictions as sanctions compliance best practice.
identified or blacklisting the third party to Borouge has further enhanced its
prevent Borouge from continuing business Sanctions and Export Controls
with the sanctioned individual or entity. Policies to ensure they are relevant
and consistent with applicable laws
In 2022 and continuing into 2023, the world and the latest developments.
faced unprecedented changes in sanctions
developments particularly in light of the In 2023, due to the critical need to
Russian-Ukraine crisis. The Borouge Ethics ensure our employees were fully
& Compliance team monitored these wide- aware of sanctions and export
ranging and ever-changing sanctions daily, control risks, Borouge:
leveraging our screening technology and • Conducted training for 100 percent
specialised legal updates, and reporting of our employees on sanctions and
these changes and potential impacts export controls, and 100 percent of our
to the Company to our CEO, Executive employees passed the certification tests.
Teams and Crisis Teams on a daily basis • Conducted sanctions recusal
initially, and then on a periodic basis as training of 100 percent of our
resources allow. These timely and detailed foreign nationals from jurisdictions

=== [AR2023.pdf p65] ===
128 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 129
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER 01. The first line of defence lies with
FINANCIAL REPORTING (ICOFR) the business and process owners Internal audit validates the design and
AND INTERNAL CONTROLS whose activities create and/or effectiveness of the internal controls
FRAMEWORK (ICF)
manage the compliance risks. applicable to the areas included to the
The Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority
02. The second line of defence lies mainly scope of the risk based Internal Audit plan.
(ADAA) Regulation #1 in 2017 requires
with the Ethics and Compliance team In 2023, no material weaknesses were
the executive management of all entities
and is in place to support management identified with respect to our internal
based in the UAE and its auditors to
by bringing compliance expertise, control systems including areas such as
collaborate and establish a process for
process knowledge, and management anti-corruption, anti-trust, fraud, financial
assessing the Internal Controls over
monitoring alongside the first line to misappropriation, competition law,
Financial Reporting (ICOFR) and report
help ensure that compliance risk and human rights or data privacy breaches.
effectiveness of the controls on an annual
control are effectively managed. The Consequently, no penalties, fines or other
basis. Borouge, is required to demonstrate
second line of defence functions are sanctions were imposed on Borouge.
having an effective system for internal
separate from the first line of defence. There are no material risks or
controls over financial reporting.
uncertainty that can reasonably be
03. The third line of defence lies mainly with
expected to have a material adverse
The Board of Directors is responsible the internal audit function and provides
effect on the continuity of the Borouge
for the internal control system within assurance to the Board of Directors
business in the coming 12 months.1
Borouge and has established a number over both the first and second lines’
of processes and procedures which are efforts consistent with the expectations
For further details, please visit the full
designed to ensure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In principle,
2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
of Borouge’s internal control system. the third line of defence does not
Report on www.borouge.com
Borouge has an Internal Controls Financial perform compliance management
Reporting Framework Procedure that functions to protect its objectivity
sets out the principles, approach, defined and organisational independence.
process roles and responsibilities under
the supervision of executive management The Borouge Ethics & Compliance
to provide assurance on the reliability Team forms the second line of defence
of financial reporting. This includes and oversees the monitoring of internal
the identification of key processes and controls evaluations for the Entity Level
controls in the key areas to ensure Controls process. Entity Level Controls
the effectiveness of these areas: are an important area that is critical to
• Entity Level Controls; Borouge, as these controls are reflective
• Process Level Controls; and of the organisation’s overall control
• IT General Controls environment. Having effective Entity
Level Controls demonstrates executive
In Borouge, the internal control system is management’s commitment towards 1 The above statements do not imply that our systems
and procedures provide absolute assurance as to
based on the Committee of Sponsoring conducting business ethically, and the realisation of our business objectives, or that
Organisations of the Treadway these controls cascade to the respective they can prevent all misstatements, inaccuracies,
errors, fraud and any non-compliance.
Commission (“COSO”) framework process level controls downstream.
and our three lines of defence:

=== [AR2023.pdf p66] ===
130 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 131
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT 2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED – CONTINUED
DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION Borouge has established a Personal their understanding of the laws, as WHISTLEBLOWING, INVESTIGATIONS Arabic) is an anonymous reporting and In 2023, there were no whistleblowing
Borouge is also committed to complying Data Protection Policy which clearly well as, awareness of their individual AND THE ETHICS & COMPLIANCE whistleblowing facility available on the incidents highlighted relating to
with data protection laws in each of the defines the practices for implementation responsibilities to protect personal data COMMITTEES (ECC) Borouge website, run by an independent any fraud or suspected fraud
countries where we operate. Borouge of privacy obligations such as: and their rights as individuals. In 2023, the Borouge is committed to upholding an third party on behalf of Borouge. affecting Borouge involving:
is subject to the ADGM Data Protection • grounds for lawful processing; course was enhanced and rolled out to open, honest and transparent culture, • Management;
Regulation 2021. Its subsidiaries based in • responsibilities for management all employees, which 100 percent of our which supports our commitment to integrity Borouge has an established Compliance • Employees who have significant
the UAE, Singapore and China are subject of personal data; employees completed and passed the and aligned with our Code of Conduct. Investigation Policy. This policy and roles in internal control; or
to the UAE Personal Data Protection • data minimisation requirements; knowledge quiz at the end of the module. Anyone who works with or for Borouge, its supporting procedures set out our • Others where the fraud could have
Law (Federal Law 45 of 2021), Singapore • rights of individuals; and internally or externally, can report any approach to investigations relating to a material effect on Borouge’s
Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore, • security obligations in collaboration with In addition, Data Protection Notices and concerns in confidence without risk of alleged ethical misconduct in relation to (a) financial information.
and the Personal Information Protection Borouge Information Security team. Consents are established and developed retaliation. Our Whistleblowing Policy ethical business practices; (b) integrity in our
Law in China respectively. Borouge takes In accordance with ADGM, Singapore, according to the respective jurisdictions encourages our employees to report interactions and arrangements with third
its obligations towards privacy under the and China data protection laws, Borouge where Borouge operates, primarily the concerns about unethical behaviour in parties; and (c) applicable laws, regulations,
applicable data protection laws seriously is required to appoint a Data Protection Middle East, Asia North and Asia South connection with our business by assuring policies and procedures relating to For further details, please visit the full
and is committed to the responsible and Officer (DPO). The Chief Executive regions. Our DPOs completed the roll-out confidentiality and by protecting good ethical business practices and integrity. 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
accountable use of personal data entrusted Officer has appointed a Data Protection for the Asia North and Asia South regions faith whistleblowers from retaliation. Report on www.borouge.com
to us by shareholders, employees, Officer (DPO) globally who reports to in prior years. In 2023, the Data Protection Borouge continues to maintain its robust
business partners, customers, third parties, the Head, Ethics, Compliance & Risk. Notice for the Middle East region was We have a number of channels to report and effective whistleblowing and a
associated family or next of kin and others. The Asia North Region Data Protection rolled out and consent was obtained from potential unethical behaviours or concerns, formalised investigation process so as
Borouge has a robust enterprise-wide Officer in China, reports to the DPO for 100 percent of the relevant employees. which include the Borouge Ethics & to provide assurance that every potential
core Global Data Privacy and Protection all data protection related matters. Compliance Team. However, if anyone unethical concern is taken seriously,
Compliance Programme throughout the is uncomfortable reporting a concern assessed and appropriate action
Company, which assigns management From an educational and awareness For further details, please visit the full directly or wishes to remain anonymous, taken on a timely basis. We proactively
and individual accountability for perspective, a data privacy and 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance we maintain a confidential whistleblowing encourage all Borouge employees to
upholding key principles contained in protection e-Learning training module Report on www.borouge.com hotline, known as the Takallam Ethics speak up without fear of retaliation at
privacy laws, but also fully adheres to covering privacy principles and privacy Helpline, to report all concerns. the workplace and take all necessary
the ADGM Data Protection Framework obligations, employee notification and Takallam (which means “to speak” in investigative steps when required.
and also addresses the requirements consents, and privacy obligations for
of the applicable jurisdictions where insider management has been rolled out
Borouge is required to comply. to all Borouge employees, to enhance
YOUR VOICE MATTERS
01 02 03 04 05
SPEAK UP TAKALLAM CONFIDENTIALITY REPORT IN NON
AND GOOD FAITH RETALIATION
ANONYMITY

=== [AR2023.pdf p67] ===
132 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 133
2023 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
– CONTINUED
INSIDE INFORMATION MANAGEMENT insider register is updated on a weekly The Chairman of the Insider Committee
AND INSIDER DEALINGS basis. In 2023, the Borouge Ethics & acknowledges the responsibility for
As part of our commitment to acting Compliance team has commenced a managing and monitoring Insider trading
with the highest levels of integrity, and quarterly review process to ensure the activity and the Borouge Insider register.
complying with capital market and Insider lists are accurate and up to date.
securities regulations, we take the utmost Insiders must attest and certify
care to prevent insider dealings and Aligned with the ADX regulations on that they are not acting on inside
insider trading. Accordingly, we have prohibition periods, together with any information prior to dealing in the
implemented an Inside Information and ad hoc prohibition periods that may be shares of Borouge and commit to all
Insider Dealing Policy in accordance with declared based on major developments requirements of the Borouge Inside
regulatory requirements, which reaffirms and transactions, Borouge issues Information and Insider Dealing Policy.
our commitment to protecting inside communication on the start and ending
information, including by identifying of prohibition periods to all insiders which In 2023, the Ethics and Compliance
employees who are in possession of informs that insiders and their connected Team continuously trained Borouge’s
Borouge inside information (and are known parties are prohibited from trading insiders on their and their connected
as “Insiders”) and their connected parties Borouge securities during these periods. party’s obligations and commitments,
need to fully comply with insider trading hosting training and awareness sessions
rules. Communicating any material non- The Borouge Ethics & Compliance to ensure full compliance with our Inside
public information to anyone not deemed team established a Borouge Insider Information and Insider Dealing Policy
to be an Insider is strictly prohibited until Committee that reviews all trading and our zero-tolerance stance on insider
such information is publicly disclosed by requests of Borouge Insiders and their trading and market manipulation.
Borouge through appropriate channels. connected parties. All insiders and their
connected parties are required to obtain
In addition to the Inside Information and clearance from the Insider Committee For further details, please visit the full
Insider Dealing Policy, Borouge also to deal in Borouge’s securities before 2023 Borouge Ethics & Compliance
requires all insiders to be registered as proceeding to transact and must Report on www.borouge.com
Borouge insiders with the Abu Dhabi provide post-transaction verification.
Securities Exchange (ADX) and sign an
Insider undertaking form, which sets The composition of the Borouge
forth the obligations and responsibilities Insider Committee is as follows:
required to comply with the Insider • General Counsel - Legal, Governance &
Dealing Policy to ensure that all insiders Compliance (Dr. Amal Rakibi) – Chairman
go to the farthest extent possible to • Chief Financial Officer
protect Borouge’s inside information. • Vice President, Investor Relations
Our insider register is maintained by the • Head, Ethics, Compliance and Risk
Head, Ethics, Compliance & Risk and the

=== [AR2023.pdf p68] ===
134 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 135
The value of all transactions with Related Parties undertaken by the Borouge Group
Transactions with
(as disclosed in our 2023 financial statements) is as follows:
related parties
As per 2023 Financial Statements USD’000
ADP and PTE are and have been a party to various agreements Revenue – ADNOC Group* 113,371
and other arrangements with related parties comprising ADNOC
and certain of its other subsidiaries and Borealis and certain Revenue – Borealis AG* 391,956
of its other subsidiaries (collectively, the “Related Parties”).
Revenue – Borouge 4 14,489
Purchase – ADNOC Group* 1,772,724
Purchase – Borealis Group* 567,082
Sales and Distribution Cost – ADNOC Group* 184,939
We are and have been a party to parties, which are considered part of the related party transactions to ADX, so
various agreements and other normal business of Borouge and are of there is no requirement to maintain a Administrative Cost – ADNOC Group and Borealis Group* 126,923
arrangements with related parties a routine nature, have been approved by register of related party transactions.
comprising ADNOC, Borealis the Executive Committee. Such contracts A list of existing agreements and other Sub-lease to Related party** 142,641
and certain of their respective subsidiaries. are still required to be approved in arrangements with Related Parties can
Lease Liability to Related Party** 170,613
The agreements are negotiated on an accordance with the Company’s DOA, be found on the International Offering
arms-length basis. The most significant but due to their relevant value, they are Memorandum (“IOM”) published on
of these transactions are described not individually listed. The Company 23 May 2022, (see the section entitled (*) Please refer to note 11(b) in the 2023 Financial Statements.
below. Certain transactions with related is also exempt from having to disclose “Business – Material Agreements”). (**) Please refer to note 7(b)(c) in the 2023 Financial Statements.
Out of all existing contracts with Related Parties, two of them had a total amount of transactions exceeding 5% of Borouge’s share
capital (considering the total amount of transactions undertaken under each of them as of the Listing): (i) the Feedstock Supply
Agreement signed with ADNOC; and (ii) the Catalyst Supply Agreement signed with Borealis, both of them entered into prior to the
Listing. More details on these contracts can be found in the IOM (see the section entitled “Business – Material Agreements”).

=== [AR2023.pdf p69] ===
136 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 137
03
Financial Statements
Inside this Section
(136–145)
Board of Directors’ Report 138
Independent Auditor’s Report 139
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 142
Consolidated Statement of Profit
or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 143
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 144
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 146
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 147
UNAUDITED 12 MONTHS PRO-FORMA
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– U naudited Statement of Profit and Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income 181
– Unaudited Summary of Operating Profit 182
– Unaudited Earnings Per Share (EPS) 183
– Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA 183
Note: Borouge PLC was formally established on 28 April 2022, and as such our statutory published financials for 2022 only cover the period from 28 April
2022 to 31 December 2022. The Company has prepared unaudited pro-forma accounts for 2022, showing the combination that forms the current business of
Borouge PLC as if it had been in operation for the 12 months ended 2022. These are the full year numbers for 2022 being referenced in the strategic section of
this annual report. Currency references throughout this report to $ are to US dollars; references to t/y are to tonnes per year; references to PE are to polyethylene;
and references to PP are to polypropylene.

=== [AR2023.pdf p70] ===
138 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 139
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BOROUGE PLC
The Directors present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“the Company”) and its REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023.
Opinion
Principal activities We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“Borouge” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”),
The purpose of the Company is to serve as a holding company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge)- Sole Proprietorship L.L.C. (“ADP”) which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
and Borouge Pte Ltd. which are engaged in the principal activities of production of ethylene, propylene, polyethylene, polypropylene and trading other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31
of polyolefins, respectively. December 2023, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
Financial results In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as
The financial results of the Group represent a profit for the year of USD 1,000.67 million (2022: USD 733.82 million) as presented in these at 31 December 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
audited consolidated financial statements. Standards (“IFRSs”).
Directors Basis for opinion
The Directors of the Group during the year and as of the date of the audit report were: We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
H.E. Dr. Sultan Al-Jaber Chairman Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (the
Mr. Thomas Gangl Vice Chairman “IESBA Code”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the United Arab
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Director/Board Member Emirates, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that
Mr. Abdulaziz Al Hajri Director/Board Member the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Director/Board Member
Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi Director/Board Member Key audit matters
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish Director/Board Member Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
Mr. Phillippe Roodhooft Director/Board Member statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole,
Ms. Daniela Vlad Director/Board Member and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Mr. Thomas Boesen Director/Board Member
Mr. Mark Tonkens (resigned) Director/Board Member We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section
of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to
During year ended 31 December 2023, Mr. Mark Tonkens resigned from his position as director of the Group and was replaced by our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
Ms. Daniela Vlad. the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
Release
The Directors release from liability the management and external auditor in connection with their duties for the year ended 31 December 2023. Property, plant and equipment
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to USD 6.7 billion representing 75% of the Group’s total assets
Directors’ statement to the disclosure to auditors as of that date. This balance includes Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP) amounting to USD 204 million representing 368 capital projects in
In so far as the Directors are aware, there is no relevant information of which the Group’s auditors are unaware. progress. During the year, capital work in progress amounting to USD 275 million was completed and transferred to the respective categories of
property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the Group’s depreciation policy.
The Group’s auditors have been provided with access to all information of which we are aware that is relevant to the preparation of
consolidated financial statements. Considering the magnitude of the amount and the risk surrounding the capitalisation, depreciation and impairment of property, plant and
equipment in terms of assessing the eligibility of costs capitalised during the year, the timing of capitalisation and the related depreciation /
Auditors impairment charge in line with IFRS requirements; this has been identified as a key audit matter to be reported in our audit report.
A resolution to reappoint Ernst and Young as auditors for the ensuing year will be put to the shareholders at Annual General Meetings.
For the Board of Directors
Chairman
Date: 31 January 2024
Abu Dhabi, UAE

=== [AR2023.pdf p71] ===
140 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 141
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BOROUGE PLC CONTINUED
The audit procedures performed to address this key audit matter include the following: THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OVERSEEING THE GROUP’S
1) We reviewed the Group’s policies and procedures for capitalisation of project costs and assessed their compliance with the FINANCIAL REPORTING PROCESS.
requirements of IFRS;
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
2) We tested the relevant controls over capitalisation of project costs; Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
3) We performed substantive audit procedures over a sample of project costs capitalised to check adherence to the Group’s policies and misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
procedures, and compliance with the requirements of IFRS. This included management’s processes and controls around identification of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
project costs eligible for capitalisation, staff cost capitalisation etc.; Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
4) We reviewed management’s assessment for the existence of impairment indicators in respect of property, plant and equipment including
capital work in progress; As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
5) We held discussions with project managers for significant projects and inquired about their status to determine whether indicators of We also:
impairment existed as of 31 December 2023; and • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
6) For a sample of projects, we checked the date of project capitalisation against supporting documents such as completion certificates perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
received from contractors to verify that depreciation has been charged from the capitalisation date. opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Other information
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
Other information consists of the information included in the Board of Directors’ report and the annual report other than the consolidated
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the Board of Directors’ report prior to the date of our audit report and we
expect to obtain the annual report after the date of our auditor’s report. Management is responsible for the other information. • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
conclusion thereon.
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
to cease to continue as a going concern.
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
Responsibilities of management and the Board of Directors for the consolidated financial statements consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs and
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Company’s Articles of Association and the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
Global Market, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends
to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, action taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh
the public interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Further, as required by the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM, we report that, in our opinion:
i) The consolidated financial statements include, in all material respects, the applicable requirements of the Companies Regulations 2020 of
ADGM; and
ii) the financial information included in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the books of account and records of the Group.
Further, as required by the Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority Chairman Resolution No. 88 of 2021 pertaining to Auditing the Financial
Statements of Subject Entities, we report that based on the information provided to us, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to
believe that the Company has not complied, in all material respects, with the law of establishment of the Company and relevant provisions
of the applicable laws, resolutions and circulars organising the Company’s operations, which would materially affect its activities or the
consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 31 December 2023.
Signed by:
Ahmad Al Dali
Partner
Ernst & Young
31 January 2024 Abu Dhabi

=== [AR2023.pdf p72] ===
142 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 143
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Notes 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
Notes 2023 For the period
ASSETS USD’000 28 April 2022 (inception)
Non-current assets to 31 December 2022
USD’000
Property, plant and equipment 5 6,677,355 7,053,196
Revenue 18 5,791,345 3,997,151
Intangible assets 6 60,126 55,616
Cost of sales 19 (3,627,383) (2,386,263)
Right-of-use assets 7(a) 27,304 25,208
Gross profit 2,163,962 1,610,888
Investment in sublease 7(b) & 11(d) 138,408 135,052
Other income 21 17,350 26,707
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) - 2,606
Loans to employees 22,769 22,665 General and administrative expenses 22 (182,915) (112,583)
Deferred tax assets 12(c) 3,450 - Selling and distribution expenses 23 (399,495) (414,152)
Total non-current assets 6,929,412 7,294,343 Impairment loss on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets 5 & 6 (1,731) (13,483)
Current assets
Operating profit 1,597,171 1,097,377
Inventories 8 645,184 654,639
Finance income 26,815 19,744
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 181,549 193,762
Finance costs (220,909) (95,841)
Trade receivables 9(a) 796,682 890,339
Foreign exchange loss (2,074) (2,622)
Loans to employees 12,570 11,276
Net finance loss (196,168) (78,719)
Investments in sublease 7(b) & 11(d) 4,233 -
Profit for the year/period before tax 1,401,003 1,018,658
Prepayments and other receivables 9(b) 20,345 47,059
Cash and cash equivalents 10 353,921 1,143,840 Income tax expense 12(a) (400,333) (284,835)
Total current assets 2,014,484 2,940,915 Profit for the year/period 1,000,670 733,823
TOTAL ASSETS 8,943,896 10,235,258 Profit for the year/period attributable to:
Equity and Liabilities Owners of the Company 991,125 724,345
Equity Non-controlling interests 9,545 9,478
Share capital 13 4,809,231 4,809,231 1,000,670 733,823
Merger reserve 14 (4,446,467) (4,446,467) Other comprehensive income for the year/period
Restricted reserve 14 186,486 186,322 Items that will not be reclassified to profit
or loss in subsequent periods
Capital reserve 14 12,490 12,490
Defined benefit plan remeasurements 15 7,177 19,586
Cash flow hedge reserve 14 (12,608) -
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Actuarial reserve 14 17,993 10,846
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation (1,761) (4,422)
Translation reserve 14 (5,474) (3,982)
Fair value loss on derivatives used in effective
Retained earnings 3,970,831 4,279,574
cash flow hedge relationship 29 (12,608) -
Equity attributable to the owners of the Company 4,532,482 4,848,014
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year/period (7,192) 15,164
Non-controlling interests 13,354 21,586
Total comprehensive income for the year/period 993,478 748,987
Total equity 4,545,836 4,869,600
Total comprehensive income for the year/period attributable to:
Non-current liabilities Owners of the Company 984,172 739,865
Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 15 93,018 93,926
Non-controlling interests 9,306 9,122
Lease liabilities 7(c) 162,286 158,884
993,478 748,987
Deferred tax liability 12(c) 54,507 33,265
Earnings per share:
Bank loans 16 3,140,725 3,983,999 Basic and Diluted (USD) 28 0.03 0.02
Derivative financial instruments 29 12,608 -
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 34,389 67,441
Total non-current liabilities 3,497,533 4,337,515
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 17 308,333 369,761
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 532,645 613,621
Lease liabilities 7(c) 8,327 4,494
Provisions for employees end of service benefits 15 1,351 -
Income tax payable 49,871 40,267
Total current liabilities 900,527 1,028,143
Total liabilities 4,398,060 5,365,658
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 8,943,896 10,235,258
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Jan-Martin Nufer
Chairman Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements. The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2023.pdf p73] ===
144 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 145
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Share capital Merger reserve Restricted reserve Capital reserve Actuarial reserve Cash flow Translation Retained earnings Equity attributable Non- controlling Total equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 hedge reserve reserve USD’000 to Owners of the interests USD’000
USD’000 USD’000 Company USD’000
USD’000
Balance at incorporation on 28 April 2022 - - - - - - - - - -
Share capital introduced 50 - - - - - - - 50 - 50
Issuance of additional share capital on
transfer of ADP and PTE (note 1) 4,809,181 - - - - - - - 4,809,181 - 4,809,181
Equity contributed upon transfer of
subsidiaries (note 3) - (4,446,467) 185,730 12,490 (8,294) - (234) 3,880,620 (376,155) 12,464 (363,691)
Profit for the period - - - - - - - 724,345 724,345 9,478 733,823
Other comprehensive income for the period - - 19,268 - (3,748) - 15,520 (356) 15,164
Total comprehensive income for the period - - - - 19,268 - (3,748) 724,345 739,865 9,122 748,987
Movement during the period - - 592 - (128) - - (464) - - -
Dividend declared (note 14) - - - (324,927) (324,927) - (324,927)
Balance at 31 December 2022 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,322 12,490 10,846 (3,982) 4,279,574 4,848,014 21,586 4,869,600
Balance at 1 January 2023 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,322 12,490 10,846 - (3,982) 4,279,574 4,848,014 21,586 4,869,600
Profit for the year - - - - - - - 991,125 991,125 9,545 1,000,670
Other comprehensive income for the year - - 7,147 (12,608) (1,492) - (6,953) (239) (7,192)
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 7,147 (12,608) (1,492) 991,125 984,172 9,306 993,478
Movement during the period - - 164 - - - - (164) - - -
Dividend declared (note 14) - - - (1,299,704) (1,299,704) (17,538) (1,317,232)
Balance at 31 December 2023 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,486 12,490 17,993 (12,608) (5,474) 3,970,831 4,532,482 13,354 4,545,836
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2023.pdf p74] ===
146 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 147
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CONTINUED
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
Notes 2023 For the period 28 April 1. LEGAL STATUS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
USD’000 2022 (inception) to Borouge PLC (the “Company”) was incorporated on 28 April 2022 as a public company limited by shares, with registration number 000007602,
31 December 2022
pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market Companies Regulations 2020. The Company has been established for the purpose of serving as a
USD’000
holding company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge)-Sole Proprietorship LLC and Borouge Pte. Ltd.
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the year/period before tax 1,401,003 1,018,658
The Company is jointly controlled by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) and Borealis Middle East Holding GmbH (“BMEH”, together
Adjustments for: with ADNOC, the “Shareholders”).
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 5 539,612 297,117
Impairment of property, plant and equipment 5 748 13,483 Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders dated 10 May 2022, the shareholders approved listing the Company’s shares on Abu Dhabi
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 7(a) 4,376 2,865 Securities Exchange whereby 10% of its shares were offered in an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”). As of the reporting date, ADNOC held 54%
Amortisation of intangible assets 6 28,181 10,608 and BMEH held 36% of the issued share capital of the Group while the remaining 10% is held by the general public.
Impairment of intangible assets 6 983 -
These consolidated financial statements of the Company are for the year ended 31 December 2023 with the comparative period representing
Provision (reversal of) provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory 8 8,542 (1,103)
the period from incorporation on 28 April 2022 to 31 December 2022.
Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivable 9 2,095 2,246
Provision for (reversal of) expected credit losses on Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
prepayments and other receivable 9 84 (668)
Loss on modification of lease liability - 28 Name of subsidiary Ownership interest Country of incorporation Principal activities
Loss on disposal of plant, property and equipment 115 - Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge)- Sole 100% U.A.E. Production of ethylene, propylene,
End of service benefits charge 15 12,747 5,707 Proprietorship L.L.C (“ADP”) polyethylene and polypropylene
Provision for other retirement benefit 2,474 Borouge Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries (“PTE”) 84.746% Singapore Trading of polyolefins
Unrealised foreign exchange loss 788 -
Finance costs 220,909 95,841 The Company together with its subsidiaries is referred to as the “Group”.
Finance income (26,815) (19,744)
In accordance with the subscription and transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022 (the “Subscription and Transfer Agreement”) entered into
Net cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 2,195,842 1,425,038
between the Company and the Shareholders, ADNOC and BMEH agreed to transfer their respective interests in ADP and approximately
Changes in working capital:
84.746% interest in PTE to the Company in exchange for an issuance of shares by the Company. This transfer was in contemplation of an
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables 90,952 (55,783) IPO of the Company. Upon the successful listing of the shares of the Company on 3 June 2022, the Company became the holder of the entire
Decrease/(Increase) in amounts due from related parties 11,282 (18,009) issued share capital of ADP and 84.746% of the issued share capital of PTE (the “Reorganisation”). Accordingly, immediately upon the transfer
Decrease in inventories 545 160,689 and prior to the listing:
Decrease in prepayments and other receivables 25,290 31,036
(Decrease)/Increase in amounts due to related parties (114,092) 144,613 a) ADNOC transferred to the Company:
Decrease in trade and other payables (21,656) (89,644) i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 60% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
(Decrease)/Increase in accruals (27,796) 55,857 ii. its full legal and beneficial interests in PTE, being 50% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
Decrease in contract liabilities (13,638) (3,698)
Cash generated from operating activities 2,146,729 1,650,099 b) BMEH transferred to the Company:
End of service benefits paid 15 (5,130) (3,218) i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 40% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
Tax paid (372,879) (332,746) ii. 34.746% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
Net cash generated from operating activities 1,768,720 1,314,135
INVESTING ACTIVITIES In consideration of the transfer by ADNOC of its entire shares in ADP and PTE and the transfer by BMEH of its entire shares in ADP and
34.746% interest in PTE, in each case to the Company, the Company:
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment 5 (191,504) (112,976)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 4 19 a) issued and allotted 18,034,427,450 new shares to ADNOC, that resulted in ADNOC holding, immediately prior to listing, 60% of the
Payments for purchase of intangible assets 6 (7,276) (882) Company’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
Cash and cash equivalents acquired as part of business combination 3 - 347,564 b) issued and allotted 12,022,951,633 new shares to BMEH, that resulted in BMEH holding, immediately prior to listing, 40% of the Company’s
Interest income received 21,898 13,071 total issued and outstanding share capital.
Net cash (used in) generated from investing activities (176,878) 246,796
FINANCING ACTIVITIES Based on the satisfaction of the condition precedent by the parties pursuant to the Subscription and Transfer Agreement,
Repayment of lease liabilities 7(c) (5,369) (2,857) the effective date of completion of the above transaction was 31 May 2022. Post completion of the Reorganisation,
the Company acquired control over ADP and PTE (together referred to as “Borouge Business”).
Issuance of share capital - 50
Repayments of borrowings 16 (850,000) -
Payment of dividends 14 (1,317,242) (324,927)
Proceeds from lease receivable 7(b) 109 -
Payment of interest on bank loan (208,221) (87,014)
Net cash used in financing activities (2,380,723) (414,748)
Changes in translation reserve (1,038) (2,343)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (789,919) 1,143,840
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year/period 1,143,840 -
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year/period 10 353,921 1,143,840
Significant non-cash transactions which have been excluded
from the statement of cash flows are as follows:
Transfer of right-of-use asset to sublease 7(a) - (3,295)
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2023.pdf p75] ===
148 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 149
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION 2.3 FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY INCOME TAX EXPENSE enacted. As per IAS12 (Income taxes), any change in tax laws
These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollar International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – should be recognised in the financial statements in the period in
2.1 STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE (“USD”), which is the Group’ functional currency. All amounts have Amendments to IAS 12 which the enactment occurs (i.e., Q2FY23) and therefore any tax
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated. implications (current and/or deferred) will need to be assessed
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards The amendments to IAS 12 have been introduced in response to the accordingly.
(“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 2.4 USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES OECD’s BEPS Pillar Two rules and include:
(IASB) and the applicable provisions of the Companies Regulations The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity • A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and The Group performed an assessment based on the information
2020 of Abu Dhabi Global Market. with IFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the jurisdictional available at this point of time on the impact of the law on Borouge
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies implementation of the Pillar Two model rules; and PLC Group. It was concluded that the corporate income tax law has
2.2 BASIS OF MEASUREMENT and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. • Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users of the no impact on Borouge PLC and its subsidiaries based on the facts
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the The judgments, estimates and associated assumptions are based financial statements better understand an entity’s exposure to currently available. The Group will continue to make assessments
historical cost basis except for derivative financial instruments which on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be Pillar Two income taxes arising from that legislation, particularly once additional information and clarification is released by the
are carried at fair value. Historical cost is generally based on the fair relevant, including expectations of future events that are believed before its effective date. Cabinet.
value of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services. to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Group based its
judgements, assumptions and estimates on parameters available The mandatory temporary exception – the use of which is required Making Materiality Judgements -
Fair value is the price that would be received on sale of an asset when the consolidated financial statements were prepared. However, to be disclosed – applies immediately. The remaining disclosure Disclosure of Accounting Policies
or paid on transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between the resulting accounting estimates may differ from actual results. requirements apply for annual reporting periods beginning on or after The Group has adopted the amendments to IAS 1 for the first time
market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether The estimates and assumptions pose a risk of causing adjustment 1 January 2023, but not for any interim periods ending on or before in the current year. The amendments change the requirements
that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 31 December 2023. in IAS 1 with regard to disclosure of accounting policies. The
technique. financial year. amendments replace all instances of the term ‘significant accounting
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted policies’ with ‘material accounting policy information’. Accounting
The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an in certain jurisdictions the Group operates. The legislation will be policy information is material if, when considered together with
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024. other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
• In the principal market for the asset or liability; or in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future The Group is in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users
• In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous periods affected. legislation and has performed an assessment of the Group’s of general-purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
market for the asset or liability. potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The assessment of financial statements.
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is based on the
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting and financial The supporting paragraphs in IAS 1 are also amended to clarify that
to by the Group. that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in statements for the constituent entities in the Group. Based on accounting policy information that relates to immaterial transactions,
these consolidated financial statements, is included in note 4. the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the other events or conditions is immaterial and need not be disclosed.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are above 15%. However, Accounting policy information may be material because of the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the 2.5 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS THAT ARE EFFECTIVE there are a limited jurisdictions where the legislation has not been nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions,
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their FOR THE CURRENT YEAR enacted or substantively enacted. The Group does not expect a even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting
economic best interest. In the current year, the Group has applied a number of amendments material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions. policy information relating to material transactions, other events or
to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting conditions is itself material.
In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or liability, the Group Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an account IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and
takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market period that begins on or after 1 January 2023. Their adoption has disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities 2.6 CLIMATE RELATED MATTERS
participants would take those characteristics into account when not had any material impact on the disclosures or on the amounts that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to The Group considers climate-related matters in estimates and
pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for reported in these consolidated financial statements. implement the Pillar Two Model Rules published by the Organisation assumptions, where appropriate. This assessment includes a
measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated • IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (including the June 2020 and for Economic Co-operating and Development (the “Pillar Two wide range of possible impacts on the Group due to both physical
financial statements is determined on such a basis. December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17) legislation”). It is unclear if the Pillar Two Model Rules create and transition risks. Even though the Group believes its business
additional temporary differences with regards to deferred tax model and products will still be viable after the transition to a low-
For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are • Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes—Deferred Tax related to remeasurement and the Group has applied the temporary exception carbon economy, climate-related matters increase the uncertainty
categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction as at 31 December 2023. in estimates and assumptions underpinning several items in the
inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the • Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in consolidated financial statements. Even though climate-related risks
significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, Accounting Estimates and Errors—Definition of Accounting CORPORATE TAX might not currently have a significant impact on measurement, the
which is described as follows: Estimates On 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance released Federal Group is closely monitoring relevant changes and developments,
Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 on the Taxation of Corporations and such as new climate-related legislation.
• Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets • Disclosure of Accounting policies- Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS
Businesses (Corporate Tax Law or the Law) to enact a Federal
for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the Practical Statement 2 corporate tax (CT) regime in the UAE. The CT regime will become The Group’s Borouge 2030 (B2030) Strategy aims to proactively
measurement date; • International Tax Reform- Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 June 2023. steer the business ambitions in response to the changing business
• Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within environment. The B2030 Strategy works to ensure the continued
to IAS 12
level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly Based on recent developments in relation to the Cabinet of Ministers growth of the Group through the pursuit of excellence and create
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and The Group does not expect that the adoption of these new and Decision No. 116 of 2022 specifying the threshold of income over a Borouge identity.
• Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability amended standards and interpretations will have a material impact which the 9% tax rate would apply, the CT Law is considered
that are derived from valuation techniques. on its consolidated financial statements. The details of new and
The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below. amended standards that are relevant to the group are detailed
as below.

=== [AR2023.pdf p76] ===
150 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 151
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION continued the period are included in consolidated financial statements from the The Group determines that it has acquired a business when If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete
date when the Group gains control until the date when the Group the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs,
2.7 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ISSUED ceases to control the subsidiary. substantive process that, together, significantly contribute to the the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted
The new and amended standards and interpretations that are Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, during the measurement period, or additional assets or liabilities
issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the (OCI) are attributed to equity holders of the Company and to the and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and
Group’s consolidated financial statements are disclosed below. The non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
Group intends to adopt these new and amended standards and interest having a deficit balance. Where necessary, adjustments or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.
interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective. are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced
accounting policies in line with the Group accounting policies. All without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue The measurement period ends as soon as the Group receives
• Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7: Supplier finance
intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash producing outputs. the necessary information about the facts and circumstances that
arrangements;
flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are existed as of the acquisition date or learns that the information is not
• Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of liabilities as Current or
eliminated in full At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the obtainable. However, the measurement period cannot exceed one
Non-Current;
on consolidation. liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition year from the acquisition date.
• Amendments to IFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and date, except that:
Leaseback; Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately Transactions under common control
• deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities related to
from the Group’s equity therein. Those interests of non-controlling A business combination involving entities or business under common
The Group does not expect that the adoption of these new and shareholders that are present ownership interests entitling their employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in control is a business combination in which all the combining entities
amended standards and interpretations will have a material impact holders to a proportionate share of net assets upon liquidation may accordance with IAS 12 and IAS 19, respectively; or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties
on its consolidated financial statements. initially be measured at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ • liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment both before and after the combination and that control is not
proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment transitory.
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
net assets. The choice of measurement is made on an acquisition- arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based
by- acquisition basis. Other non-controlling interests are initially payment arrangements of the acquired entity are measured in Transactions giving rise to transfer of interests in entities, which
Basis of consolidation
measured at fair value. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date; and are under the common control of the Shareholders, are accounted
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial
amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests for using the pooling of interest method without restatement of
statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company • assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in
at initial recognition plus the non- controlling interests’ share of comparative information. The assets and liabilities acquired are
(its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or accordance with IFRS 5 are measured in accordance with that
subsequent changes in equity. recognised at the carrying amounts recognised previously in the
has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee Standard.
books of the transferor entity. The components of equity of the
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary without a loss of acquired entities are added to the same components within Group
investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial
control, is accounted for as equity transaction. The carrying amount equity. Any difference between the consideration paid and capital of
the Group has: assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and
of the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted the acquiree is recognised directly in equity.
designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
• Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries.
circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.
current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee) Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling Transfer of Borouge Business
This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host
• Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with interest are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or contracts by the acquiree. The transfer of the interest in the Borouge Business (refer note 1)
the investee received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners was assessed to be a common control transaction as the Borouge
of the Company. Business continued to be jointly controlled by the Shareholders
• The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns. When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business
before and after the Reorganisation. Therefore, the Reorganisation
combination includes a contingent consideration arrangement, the
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on was considered to be outside the scope of IFRS 3 Business
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
disposal recognised in profit or loss is calculated as the difference Combinations. Upon Completion of the Reorganisation, the Group
results in control. When the Group has less than a majority of the and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business
between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration applied the pooling of interest method of accounting in line with
voting or similar rights of an investee, it has power over the investee combination. Changes in fair value of the contingent consideration
received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the its accounting policies. Accordingly, for the purpose of these
when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), less consolidated financial statements:
direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments against goodwill.
liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. All
considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from • The assets and liabilities of the Borouge Business were reflected
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it additional information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ at their carrying amounts. No adjustments were made to reflect
in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had
power, including: (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities, at the date
directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary
and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. of the combination that would otherwise be recognised under the
• the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of
acquisition method.
and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders; equity as required/permitted by applicable IFRS). The fair value of
The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the
• potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when • No goodwill was recognised as a result of the combination.
contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement
other parties; control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for Any difference between the consideration transferred and the
period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration
• rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 when applicable, or the cost on is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is acquired net assets is reflected within equity.
initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.
• any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent • The consolidated statement of profit or loss reflects the results of
Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the settlement is accounted for within equity. Other contingent the combining entities from the date of combination.
Business combinations
relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, consideration is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings. dates with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of
the consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s
fair value, and the amount of any non- controlling interests in the
and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of previously held equity interests (including joint operations) in the
acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether
the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins acquired entity is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date
to measure the non- controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value
when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control) and the resulting
or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts arising
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in
income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
general and administrative expenses.
have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income
are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would be
appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

=== [AR2023.pdf p77] ===
152 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 153
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
The following table summarises the book value of the assets and liabilities of ADP and PTE as at the date of the combination: Amortised cost The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial
PTE ADP Total financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date.
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:
Assets interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the a) the financial instrument has a low risk of default;
Property, plant and equipment 37,832 7,216,453 7,254,285 maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.
b) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual
Intangible assets 586 63,375 63,961
Impairment of financial assets cash flow obligations in the near term; and
Right-of-use assets 24,795 5,678 30,473
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses c) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
Investment in sublease - 128,379 128,379
on trade receivables, investment in sublease, other receivables and longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of
Amounts due from related parties - 908,155 908,155
amounts due from related parties. The amount of expected credit the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
Inventories 12,677 802,608 815,285
losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
Trade receivables 1,061,309 - 1,061,309 risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. (ii) Definition of default
Cash and cash equivalents 93,628 253,936 347,564 The Group employs models to analyse the data collected and
Other assets 21,193 93,506 114,699 The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, investment generate estimates of probability of default (“PD”) of exposures
Total assets 1,252,020 9,472,090 10,724,110 in sublease, other receivables and amounts due from related parties. with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification
The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated for any changes in default rates and changes in key macro-
Liabilities
using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss economic factors across various geographies of the Group.
Bank loans - 3,981,666 3,981,666
experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors,
Trade and other payables 1,007,988 323,535 1,331,523
general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
Income tax payable 7,621 101,262 108,883 as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that
Other liabilities 154,696 701,852 856,548 including time value of money where appropriate. have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of
Total liabilities 1,170,305 5,108,315 6,278,620 that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset
Net assets as at acquisition date attributable to common equity holders 81,715 4,363,775 4,445,490 For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial events:
Upon the transfer of the subsidiaries, the following components of equity were brought forward from ADP & PTE: recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event
USD’000 measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an
(see (ii) above);
amount equal to 12- month ECL.
Restricted reserve 185,730
c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual
Capital reserve 12,490 The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
Actuarial reserve (8,294) based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s)
Translation reserve (234) occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial would not otherwise consider;
Retained earnings 3,880,620 asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date. d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter
bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result
from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset
instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of because of financial difficulties.
A merger reserve of USD 4,446,467 thousand arises as the Financial assets lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a
difference between the book value of the shares issued in the All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the Write-off policy
Company in exchange for the share capital of ADP & PTE. and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or reporting date. The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information
sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and
Going concern delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or (i) Significant increase in credit risk there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated convention in the marketplace. In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument
financial statements, reasonable expectation that the Group will has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group (iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses
continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future as its In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the
subsidiaries have a history of profitable operations and the Group amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
has ready access to financial resources. Thus, they continue to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The
adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is
consolidated financial statements. to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. The quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information
Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking as described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial
Financial instruments how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. information that is available without undue cost or effort. assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the The business model determines whether cash flows will result from For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the
Group’s consolidated statement of financial position when the Group collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is considered exposure includes the amount drawn down as at the reporting
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their
the financial instrument for impairment. In assessing whether down in the future by default date determined based on historical
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the
there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future financing
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the classification of the financial assets.
recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on the information.
than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit
contract.
or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the
assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial used to identify whether there has been a significant increase Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that
assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective
recognised immediately in profit or loss. criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk interest rate.
before the amount becomes past due.

=== [AR2023.pdf p78] ===
154 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 155
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION continued However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, Under IFRS 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on
the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when ‘control’ of the goods the basis of the relative stand- alone selling prices of the promised
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised or services underlying the particular performance obligation is goods or services. The individual standalone selling price of a
continued in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the transferred to the customer. good or service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone
effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is determined based
The Group has elected the IFRS 9 simplified approach to
income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch with profit The Group is in the business of sale of high-density Polyethylene, on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the
measure loss allowance for cash and bank balances, trade
or loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability linear low-density Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Ethylene, polyolefin transaction price to goods and/or services with observable stand-
receivables, investment in sublease and amounts due from
is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable and other compounded products. alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is allocated
related parties at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. Accordingly,
to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other to one or more, but not all, of the PO if it relates specifically to
financial assets which are not credit impaired and which do not
comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit The Group applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of those POs.
have significant financing component are categorised under
or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon IFRS 15 and does not disclose information about its remaining
stage 2 and lifetime ECL is recognised.
derecognition of the financial liability. performance obligations if: The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract
Expected credit losses related to cash and bank balances, trade to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring
a) the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an
and other receivables, investment in sublease and amounts due Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost original expected duration of one year or less; or the promised goods or services. The transaction price may be fixed
from related parties are presented in the consolidated statement Financial liabilities that are not designated as FVTPL, are measured b) the Group has a right to invoice a customer in an amount or variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. that corresponds directly with its performance to date, then it includes a significant financing component. Consideration payable
to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group
recognises revenue in that amount.
Derecognition of financial assets The effective interest method is a method of calculating the does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer.
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance When consideration is variable, the estimated amount is included
rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the obligations, i.e. sales of goods and the insurance and freight service, in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a
the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including based on their stand-alone selling price. For sales transactions with significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the
of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and Cost uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or & Freight), the Group has an additional obligation to arrange for
ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where the insurance and freight services subsequent to the transfer of the Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following
recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial goods to the customer. the timing of satisfaction of the PO. If a PO is satisfied over time,
for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially liability. revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion
all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are reflecting the progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO.
asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also Offsetting as follows:
recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods delivered to the
in the consolidated statement of financial position if, and only if, there (i) Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when customer and is recognised when all criteria for acceptance have
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts control of goods are transferred to the customers based on trade been satisfied.
cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the terms and all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. (ii) Freight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of
in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment service which coincides with the shipment delivery period.
in a debt instrument classified as at fair value through other Derecognition of financial liabilities
comprehensive income (FVTOCI), the cumulative gain or loss The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course
previously accumulated in the investment’s revaluation reserve Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. of business is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance
is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability obligation (“PO”) by transferring control of a promised good or
investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the
initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss in profit or loss. amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.
previously accumulated in the investments’ revaluation reserve is not
reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, short-term
Financial liabilities deposits held with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial with original maturities of three months or less.
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings,
payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an Revenue recognition
effective hedge, as appropriate. Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in IFRS 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use
the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The
attributable transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include core principle of IFRS 15 is that an entity should recognise revenue
trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank loans, contract to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
liabilities, amounts due to related parties, derivative financial an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
instruments and other payables. to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Specifically,
the standard introduces a 5-step approach to revenue recognition:
All financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortised cost
• Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
using the effective interest method or at fair value through profit or
• Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
loss (FVTPL). 3
• Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL • Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains obligations in the contract.
or losses arising on changes in fair value recognised in profit or • Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a
loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging performance obligation.
relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
incorporates any interest paid on the financial liability.

=== [AR2023.pdf p79] ===
156 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 157
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION continued Buildings 15 – 40 years of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs. Where a
Plant and machinery 8 – 30 years reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified,
Revenue recognition continued Motor vehicles 4 – 10 years corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash generating
units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 – 4 years
The following table provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations in revenue contracts with generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
customers, including significant payment terms, and the related revenue recognition policies: basis can be identified.
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell
of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
Nature of goods or services The Company generates revenue from sales of polyolefin and compounded products. and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future
The plant performs regular major inspections and overhauls, i.e.
cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
turnarounds.
When revenue is recognised Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
goods and the insurance and freight service, based on their stand-alone selling price. For value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the
When each major turnaround is performed, its cost is recognised
sales transactions with delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and Cost & estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
in the carrying amount of the item of property, plant and equipment
Freight), the Group has additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight services
as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Other
subsequent to the transfer of the goods to the customer. If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash generating unit)
plant turnaround costs are expensed as incurred. The gain or loss
is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant
Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are as follows: of the asset (or cash generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in
(i) Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in
profit or loss.
transferred to the customers based on trade terms and all criteria for acceptance profit or loss.
have been satisfied. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying
Borrowing costs
amount of the asset (or cash generating unit) is increased to the
(ii) Freight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of service which coincides Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction
revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
with the shipment delivery period. or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
Significant payment terms Invoices are issued upon goods delivery. The Group provides credit terms of between 30 have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the
to 90 days to their customers which are common market credit terms. In cases where, the the asset (or cash generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an
assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Group received cash paid in advance of goods delivered and to the extent that they remain impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
undelivered as at reporting date, the Group defers recognition of revenue and recognise such Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific
amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position as “Contract liabilities”. borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is LEASES
The Group as a lessee
Obligations for returns and Sales returns deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains
refunds, if any Customers have the right to return the goods to the Group within 14 days if the products are borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
found defective or do not conform with requirements. For contracts that permit the customer to they are incurred. contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-
return an item, revenue is recognised to the extent that revenue recognised will alone prices. However, for the leases of property, the Group has
Intangible assets
not be reversed. elected not to separate non- lease components and account for the
Intangible assets acquired are recorded at cost and are amortised on
lease and non- lease components as a single lease component.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows:
based on past sales returns data. The Group will also recognise the related assets for the Computer software 3 – 5 years Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding
rights to recover the returned goods as inventories based on the previous carrying amounts of Cracker rights 10 years liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by
the goods plus expected recovery costs. License costs 10 years the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and
Others 4 years finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the
Volume rebate
lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on
Volume rebates are given to certain customers based on fulfilment of contractually agreed
License costs represent irrevocable exclusive and non-exclusive the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use
sales targets over a period of time. Such rebates are accounted for as a variable consideration
rights and licenses granted by Borealis to the Group for use of asset is depreciated over the earlier of the asset’s useful life and the
and is adjusted against revenue.
Borealis’s proprietary catalyst, process design, patent rights and lease term on a straight-line basis. The estimated useful lives of the
technical information in order to design, construct, maintain and assets is as follows:
The rebate amount is estimated based on the most likely outcome method and is recognised
operate the Ruwais plant, as well as use and sell Polyethylene (“PE”) Land lease 35 years
when the probability of paying the sales rebates to the customers is high. The Group reviews
resins manufactured in the plant.
its estimate of expected rebate at each reporting date based on the sales to customers, Transportation, storage, and terminals 4 years
contingent on a future event occurring or not occurring, and recognise the rebate as a Buildings and infrastructure 3 to 9 years
Inventories
reduction of the revenue. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Fixture, fittings, and office equipment 3 years
Cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on
cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value
consumables, spare parts, direct labour and materials and related
Other income Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or overheads (based on normal operating capacity). of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any
Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary lease incentives receivable.
benefit will flow to the Group and the amount of income can probable that future economic benefits associated with the asset will course of business, less estimated costs of completion and costs
be measured reliably. flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. necessary to make the sale. Provision is made for obsolete and The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in
Capital work in progress is carried at cost less any recognised slow-moving items. the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
Property, plant and equipment impairment loss. When commissioned, capital work in progress is borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated transferred to the appropriate property, plant and equipment category Impairment of non-financial assets pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical and is depreciated in accordance with the Group’s policies. At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.
cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is
of the assets. Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost less estimated any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
residual values of property, plant and equipment, other than capital If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is • the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
work in progress, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight- estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, • any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
line method, on the following basis, as follows: if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount less any lease incentives received; and
of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount • restoration costs.

=== [AR2023.pdf p80] ===
158 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 159
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION continued The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and
with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations net balance of the defined EOSB obligation. The Group recognises any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and
Leases continued are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities
The Group as a lessee continued appropriate. consolidated statement of profit or loss within personnel costs: of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of exchange
• Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service at the
The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and Deferred tax costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non- routine reporting date.
lease liabilities for leases of low- value assets and short- term leases. Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on settlements.
The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities Current versus non-current classification
• Net interest expense or income
leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated
bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for (iii) Pension contributions statement of financial position based on current/non- current
The Group as a lessor using the balance sheet liability method. With respect to its UAE national employees, the Group makes classification.
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception pension contributions to the Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and An asset as current when it is:
whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable Benefits Funds in accordance with the Abu Dhabi Retirement • Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in
temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the Pensions and Benefits Fund’s regulations. With respect to its GCC normal operating cycle;
To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
national employees, the Group makes pension contributions to • Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, the pension funds or agencies of their respective countries. Such • Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting
then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of contributions are charged to operating costs during the employees’ period, or
As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer period of service. • Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged
such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the
Provisions
the asset. part of the asset to be recovered. reporting period.
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply constructive obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an All other assets are classified as non-current.
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the
in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It assesses the lease to the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised.
classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right- of-use asset Deferred tax is charged or credited in the consolidated statement of amount can be reliably estimated. A liability is current when:
arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Foreign currency transactions • It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
asset. If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group Foreign currency transactions are translated at the rates prevailing • It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub- Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset for financial reporting on the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, • It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting
lease as an operating lease. purposes when they relate to income taxes levied by the same monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated period, or
taxation authorities. at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
• There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
statements to reflect the sub-lease of a plot of land to a related party, Employees’ benefit the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
Borouge 4. (i) Short term obligation
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
An accrual is made for the estimated liability for employees’ Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
Interest income entitlement to annual leave and leave passage as a result of services foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates Derivative financial instruments
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the rendered by eligible employees up to the end of the reporting period. of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value The Group enters into derivative financial instrument contracts to
principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable. The accrual relating to annual leave and leave passage is disclosed in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the manage its exposure to interest rate. Derivatives are recognised
as a current liability in the consolidated statement of financial date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into
Taxation position. translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each
Value added tax (VAT)
line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value reporting date.
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of VAT, (ii) Employees’ end of service benefits (EOSB) of the item (i.e., translation differences on items whose fair value gain
except: The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial
• When VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not position in respect of the defined end of service benefit plan is the OCI or profit or loss, respectively). asset whereas a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised
present value of the projected defined benefit obligation (“DBO”) at
recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case, VAT is as a financial liability. Derivatives are not offset in the consolidated
recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as the end of the reporting period. The provision for EOSB is calculated In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition financial statements unless the Group has both legal right and
part of the expense item, as applicable by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method whilst of the related asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the intention to offset. A derivative is presented as a non-current asset
considering the Group’s policy with respect to end of service benefits derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is
• When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of where it requires the provision to be at least equal to the benefits relating to advance consideration, the date of the transaction is the more than 12 months and it is not expected to be realised or settled
VAT included payable in accordance with the UAE Labour law for their period of date on which the Group initially recognises the non monetary asset within 12 months.
The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the service up to the end of the reporting period. or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration.
taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group Hedge accounting
the consolidated statement of financial position. The provision relating to EOSB is disclosed as a non-current liability. determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally
Re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise advance consideration. designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes
Current income tax actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately in other to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and
The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. comprehensive income. Re-measurements are not reclassified to Group companies strategy for undertaking the hedge.
Estimates are required in determining the group-wide provision for the consolidated statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods. On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations
income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for The liability is calculated as the current value of the vested benefits are translated into USD at the rate of exchange prevailing at The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument,
which the ultimate tax position is uncertain during the ordinary course to which the employee is entitled, should the employee leave at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the
of business. The Group recognises provisions for anticipated tax audit the consolidated statement of financial position date. Payments at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. are based on employees’ final salaries and allowances and their rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which case the effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of
cumulative years of service, as stated in the UAE Labour law. exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined).
Income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured differences arising, if any, are classified as equity and transferred to
at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit the foreign currency translation reserve. Such exchange differences A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the foreign the following effectiveness requirements:
are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting operation is disposed of.
date in the countries where the Group operates and generates
taxable income.

=== [AR2023.pdf p81] ===
160 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 161
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION continued CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS Assessment of indicators of impairment Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from
of non-financial assets related parties and trade and other receivables
Hedge accounting continued Segment information The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses
For management purpose, the Group is organised as one business objective evidence that its non- financial assets are impaired. The (ECLs) for amounts due from related parties and trade other
• There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and unit based on the products and services and management has Group’s non-financial assets primarily comprise property, plant and receivables. ECLs are based on the difference between the
the hedging instrument. concluded that it has only one reportable segment. The Group is equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. To determine contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all
managed as a single business unit and the financial performance whether there is objective evidence of impairment, the Group the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
• The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’
is reported in the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating considers factors such as operating economic conditions, industry approximation of the original effective interest rate. The assessment
that result from that economic relationship.
Decision-maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is developments and other factors which could affect the carrying value of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that
responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of these assets. An impairment exists when carrying value of an economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount
resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast
actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that
makes strategic decisions. The financial information reviewed by is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience
the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for During the current period, impairment expense amounting to USD and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative
the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its business 748 thousand (2022: USD 13,483 thousand) was recorded in relation of customer’s actual default in the future. At every reporting date,
Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting
unit separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource to property, plant and equipment and USD 983 thousand (2022: USD the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
are accounted for and further described in the below sections. If
allocation and performance assessment. nil) in relation to intangible assets. forward-looking estimates are analysed.
a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management
Determination of principal status Leases - Estimating the An estimate of the collectible amount of due from related parties
objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same,
The Group measures its revenue at the fair value of consideration incremental borrowing rate and trade and other receivables is made when collection of the
the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e.
received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in full amount is no longer probable. For individually significant
rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
terms of payment and excluding taxes or duty, as the Group has the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing rate (IBR) amounts, this estimation is performed on an individual basis. As at
determined that it is acting as principal in the transactions. The to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the 31 December 2023, gross trade receivable, other receivables and
The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument
determination of whether the Group is principal or agent requires Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a amounts due from related parties were USD 801,023 thousand
is recognised in OCI in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any
judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates whether it similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar (2022: USD 892,585 thousand), USD 8,947 thousand (2022: USD
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of
controls each specified good or service before that good or service is value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. 41,247 thousand) and USD 181,549 thousand (2022: USD 196,368
profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower
transferred to the customer. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group ‘would have to pay’, which thousand) with provision for expected credit losses of USD 4,341
of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the
requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when thousand (2022: USD 2,246 thousand), USD 2,688 (2022: USD
cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.
Asset retirement obligation they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the 2,604 thousand) and USD nil (2022: USD nil) respectively. Any
Cash flow hedges The Group exercises judgement in evaluating whether an lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and arrangement contains a legal or constructive obligation to remove as market interest rates) when available and is required to make and the amounts expected to be received will be recognised in the
other qualifying hedging instruments that are designated and qualify the plant and equipment and restore the land at the end of the certain entity-specific estimates (such as the Company’s stand-alone consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income contractual arrangement or end of useful life of the Group’s plant and credit rating).
and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, equipment constructed and installed on land leased from government Impairment of inventories
limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from related entities. The management has concluded it does not have Contingencies Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective any legal or constructive obligation relating to decommissioning By their nature, contingencies will only be resolved when one When inventories become old or obsolete, an estimate is made of
portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss and is included in activity. or more future events occur or fail to occur. The assessment their net realisable value. For individually significant amounts this
the ‘finance cost’ line item. of contingencies inherently involves the exercise of significant estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which
Functional currency judgement and estimate of the outcome of future events. The Group are not individually significant, but which are old or obsolete, are
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument Management considers USD to be the currency that most faithfully receives claims from its customers and suppliers as part of its assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the
expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer qualifies represents the economic effect of the underlying transactions, events ongoing business and records a provision based on assessment of inventory type and the degree of ageing or obsolescence, based on
for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or and conditions. USD is the currency in which the Group measures its reliability and probability of the outflow of economic resources historical selling prices. As at 31 December 2023, gross inventory
loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity is retained in performance and reports its results. (note 24) was USD 698,076 thousand (2022: USD 698,989 thousand). As
the Group’s consolidated statement of changes in equity until the at 31 December 2023, a provision of USD 52,892 thousand (2022:
forecasted transaction occurs or the original hedged item affects Key sources of estimation uncertainty Income tax and deferred tax assets USD 44,350 thousand) on inventories has been recorded. Any
the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and The amount of income tax payable is subject to adjustment pending difference between the amounts actually realised in future periods
comprehensive income. If a forecast hedged transaction is no longer equipment and intangible assets. final agreement on all items of revenue, costs and expenses for and the amounts expected to be realised will be recognised in the
expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in the The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives the period ended 31 December 2023 between the Group and the profit or loss (note 8).
and residual values of the property, plant and equipment and the representatives of Supreme Council for Financial and Economic
Group’s consolidated statement of changes in equity is reclassified
intangible assets based on the historical pattern of useful lives and Affairs (“SCFAEA”). Management believes that the finalisation of
to the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
general standards in the industry. The useful lives and residual the discussion will not have a material impact on the consolidated
comprehensive income.
values are reviewed for reasonableness by management on an financial statements.
annual basis.
4 CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
Deferred tax assets are recognised against differences between tax
ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
Useful lives of right-of-use assets basis and accounting basis of recording for depreciation on property,
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives plant and equipment, amortisation of intangible assets, amortisation
compliance with IFRS requires the management to make estimates of its right-of- use assets for calculating depreciation. The cost of of right-of-use asset and end of service benefits to the extent that
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and right-of-use assets are depreciated over the estimated useful lives it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent of the assets, which is based on the shorter of the lease term and temporary differences can be utilised. Significant management
liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the assumptions the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group reviews the judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets
used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any estimated useful lives of right-of- use assets at the end of each that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of
change in estimates are reflected in the consolidated financial annual reporting period. Any change in the lease term or pattern of future taxable profits (note 12).
consumption of these assets are adjusted prospectively.
statements as they become reasonably determinable.
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based
on historical experience and other factors, including expectations
of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances.

=== [AR2023.pdf p82] ===
162 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 163
NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD NNOOTTEESS TTOO TTHHEE CCOONNSSOOLLIIDDAATTEEDD FFIINNAANNCCIIAALL SSTTAATTEEMMEENNTTSS CCOONNTTIINNUUEEDD
3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233 3311 DDEECCEEMMBBEERR 22002233
5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT The depreciation charge for the period is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
Buildings Plant and Motor Furniture, Capital Total 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception) to
USD’000 machinery vehicles fixtures and work-in-progress USD’000 USD’000 31 December 2022
USD’000 USD’000 equipment USD’000 USD’000
USD’000 Cost of sales (note 19) 460,168 240,605
2023 Depreciation included in unsold inventory 77,401 55,033
Cost: General and administrative expenses (note 22) 2,040 1,476
Balance at 1 January 2023 708,385 12,446,908 14,093 173,648 322,197 13,665,231 Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 3 3
Additions - 249 - 1,155 190,100 191,504 539,612 297,117
Disposals - (4,369) - (2,014) (2,809) (9,192)
Transfers from capital work in progress 12,205 251,906 - 11,269 (275,380) -
Transfers to intangibles (note 6) - - - - (26,411) (26,411)
6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Exchange differences (394) (822) - (53) 145 (1,124)
At 31 December 2023 720,196 12,693,872 14,093 184,005 207,842 13,820,008
Computer Cracker Licence Capital Others Total
Accumulated depreciation software rights costs work in progress USD’000 USD’000
and impairment: USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 319,028 6,108,419 13,179 165,963 5,446 6,612,035 2023
Impairment - - - - 748 748 Cost
Depreciation 27,221 505,940 196 6,255 - 539,612 Balance at 1 January 2023 114,110 11,305 29,596 171 156,438 311,620
Disposals - (4,251) - (2,013) (2,809) (9,073) Additions 4 - - 7,272 - 7,276
Exchange differences (156) (484) - (28) (1) (669) Disposals (123) - - - - (123)
At 31 December 2023 346,093 6,609,624 13,375 170,177 3,384 7,142,653 Transfers 16 - - (16) - -
Net book value: Transfers from property, plant, 18 - 1,659 - 24,734 26,411
and equipment (note 5)
At 31 December 2023 374,103 6,084,248 718 13,828 204,458 6,677,355
Exchange differences (17) - - (4) (1) (22)
2022
At 31 December 2023 114,008 11,305 31,255 7,423 181,171 345,162
Cost:
Accumulated amortisation
Balance at incorporation - - - - - -
Balance at 1 January 2023 78,424 11,305 25,401 - 140,874 256,004
Balance arising on business 703,515 12,376,019 13,912 173,598 293,592 13,560,636
Charge for the year 10,656 - 1,396 - 16,129 28,181
combination (note 3)
Disposals (123) - - - - (123)
Additions 54 559 - 1,179 111,184 112,976
Impairment 2 - 924 - 57 983
Disposals - (65) - (2,586) - (2,651)
Exchange differences (10) - - - 1 (9)
Transfers from capital work in progress 5,966 72,587 181 2,180 (80,914) -
At 31 December 2023 88,949 11,305 27,721 - 157,061 285,036
Transfers to intangibles (note 6) - - - - (1,338) (1,338)
Net book value
Exchange differences (1,150) (2,192) - (723) (327) (4,392)
At 31 December 2023 25,059 - 3,534 7,423 24,110 60,126
At 31 December 2022 708,385 12,446,908 14,093 173,648 322,197 13,665,231
2022
Accumulated depreciation and
Cost
impairment:
Balance at incorporation - - - - - -
Balance at incorporation - - - - - -
Balance arising on business combination 113,299 11,305 29,596 309 155,190 309,699
Balance arising on business 304,537 5,821,889 13,056 166,869 - 6,306,351
(note 3)
combination (note 3)
Additions 853 - - 29 - 882
Impairment - 8,037 - - 5,446 13,483
Disposals (281) - - - - (281)
Depreciation 14,920 279,751 123 2,323 - 297,117
Transfers from (to) property, plant, and 328 - - (238) 1,248 1,338
Disposals - (58) - (2,574) - (2,632)
equipment (note 5)
Exchange differences (429) (1,200) - (655) - (2,284)
Exchange differences (89) - - 71 - (18)
At 31 December 2022 319,028 6,108,419 13,179 165,963 5,446 6,612,035
At 31 December 2022 114,110 11,305 29,596 171 156,438 311,620
Net book value:
Accumulated amortisation
At 31 December 2022 389,357 6,338,489 914 7,685 316,751 7,053,196
Balance at incorporation - - - - - -
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are constructed, was granted by the Supreme Balance arising on business combination 72,097 11,305 25,343 - 136,993 245,738
Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, (note 3)
expect for the Borouge 4-Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On Charge for the period 6,669 - 58 - 3,881 10,608
the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where rent will be payable on land for the Disposals (281) - - - - (281)
Innovation Centre Site. Exchange differences (61) - - - - (61)
At 31 December 2022 78,424 11,305 25,401 - 140,874 256,004
Net book value
At 31 December 2022 35,686 - 4,195 171 15,564 55,616

=== [AR2023.pdf p83] ===
164 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS continued 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
The amortisation charge for the year/period is allocated to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows: Balance at 1 January 2023/ incorporation 135,052 -
Balance arising on business combination (note 3) - 128,379
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 Additions 2,780 -
USD’000 (inception) to 31 December 2022
USD’000 Receipts (109) -
Cost of sales (note 19) 23,711 8,461 Accretion of interest 4,918 6,673
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 4,010 1,946 At 31 December 142,641 135,052
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 244 158 Current – Investment in sublease 4,233 -
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 216 43 Non–current – Investment in sublease 138,408 135,052
28,181 10,608 142,641 135,052
(c) Lease liabilities
7 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are constructed, was granted by the Supreme Balance at 1 January 2023 / incorporation 163,378 -
Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, Balance arising on business combination - 162,870
expect for the Borouge 4-Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On Additions 6,664 -
the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where rent will be payable on land for the
Payments (5,369) (2,857)
Innovation Centre Site.
Interest expense 5,962 4,161
(a) Right-of-use assets Exchange differences (22) (796)
At 31 December 170,613 163,378
2023 2022 Non-current 162,286 158,884
USD’000 USD’000
Current 8,327 4,494
Cost:
Total 170,613 163,378
Balance at 1 January 2023/ incorporation 44,363 -
Balance arising on business combination (note 3) - 47,802 Set out below, is the amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss related to leases:
Additions 6,664 99
Disposals (1,219) (634) 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
Transfer to sublease, net - (1,692) USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
Exchange differences (230) (1,212)
Depreciation charge 4,376 2,865
At 31 December 49,578 44,363
Interest expense 5,962 4,161
Accumulated depreciation:
10,338 7,026
Balance at 1 January 2023/ incorporation 19,155 -
Balance arising on business combination (note 3) - 17,329 8 INVENTORIES
Charge for the year/period 4,376 2,865
Disposal (1,219) (634) 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
Exchange differences (38) (405)
Finished goods 374,498 360,752
At 31 December 22,274 19,155
Spare parts 162,812 159,209
Carrying amount:
Raw materials 151,455 173,290
At 31 December 27,304 25,208
Goods in transit 7,407 310
The depreciation for the year/period is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows: Work in progress 1,904 5,428
698,076 698,989
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 Less: allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories (52,892) (44,350)
USD’000 (inception) to 31 December 2022 645,184 654,639
USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 184 181
Finished goods include an allocation of depreciation and amortisation charges amounting to USD 81,433 thousand (2022: USD 56,981
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 22 2 thousand). The movement in the allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories during the year/period was as follows:
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 4,082 2,578
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 88 104 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
4,376 2,865 USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
(b) Investment in sublease Balance at 1 January 2023 / incorporation 44,350 -
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub-lease of a plot of land to a related party Balance arising on business combination - 45,453
Borouge 4 (note 11(d)). Charge (reversal of provision) during the year/period 8,542 (1,103)
At 31 December 52,892 44,350

=== [AR2023.pdf p84] ===
166 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
9 RECEIVABLES 10 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(a) Trade receivables 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
2023 2022 Cash at bank – current accounts 310,300 633,949
USD’000 USD’000 Short-term deposits 43,614 509,886
Trade receivables 801,023 892,585 Cash in hand 7 5
Less: provision for expected credit losses (4,341) (2,246)
Cash and cash equivalents 353,921 1,143,840
796,682 890,339
Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are cash and bank balances amounting to USD 3,201 thousand (2022: USD 4,267
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables was as follows: thousand) that are denominated in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”). RMB is not a freely convertible currency and remittance of funds inward and
outward of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) is subject to exchange control regulations by the PRC government.
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000 Short-term deposits are mainly denominated in US Dollar and earn interest at floating rate of 1.57% (2022: 1.63%) per annum with an original
Balance at 1 January/incorporation 2,246 - maturity period of less than three months.
Charge for expected credit losses 2,095 2,246
At 31 December 2023 4,341 2,246 11 RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
(a) Related parties
The analysis of the trade receivables provision for expected credit losses is as follows: Related parties comprise the Government of Abu Dhabi and related departments and institutions (owner of the majority shareholder),
associated companies, joint ventures, shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and entities controlled,
Past due jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s
Total Not past 30 31-60 61 – 90 91 – 180 Over 180 management. During the year/period, the Group entered into the following significant transactions with related parties at prices and on terms
USD’000 due days days days days days agreed between the related parties:
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2023
(b) Related party transactions
Expected credit loss rate 0.01% 0.01% 0.00% 10.07% 45.40% 21.34%
Estimated total gross carrying 801,023 741,111 37,718 1,387 2,750 477 17,580 Nature 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
amount at default
Sale of goods
Expected credit losses 4,341 93 3 - 277 217 3,751
ADNOC Shareholder 78,912 135,607
31 December 2022
Borealis AG Shareholder 391,956 219,987
Expected credit loss rate 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 27.75% 0.00%
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 34,339 12,525
Estimated total gross carrying
Borouge 4 Affiliate 14,489 -
amount at default 892,585 829,131 39,950 6,098 9,344 8,062 -
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate 120 -
Expected credit losses 2,246 2 - 1 6 2,237 -
519,816 368,119
Cost of sales
(b) Prepayments and other receivables Purchase of feedstock (ADNOC) Shareholder 1,083,357 840,523
Purchase of catalyst (Borealis AG) Shareholder 466,103 384,008
2023 2022 Re-charge electricity and water (ADNOC) Shareholder 242,020 138,450
USD’000 USD’000
Fuel, gas and oil (ADNOC Distribution) Affiliate 4,350 3,472
Other receivables 2,231 31,824
Royalties (Borealis AG) (note 19) Shareholder 42,640 25,105
Tax recoverable 6,716 7,546
Purchase of feedstock –
Deposit - 1,877
ADNOC Gas processing Affiliate 15,101 12,096
Less: provision for expected credit losses (2,688) (2,604)
Purchase of feedstock –
6,259 38,643
ADNOC Industrial Gas-(Elixier) Affiliate 6,484 3,656
Prepayments 14,086 8,416
Purchase of feedstock- ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 421,412 -
20,345 47,059
Purchase of feedstock –
DYM Solution Co Ltd Affiliate 45,027 -
No interest is charged on the other receivable balances. Past due receivables are provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts
Purchase of feedstock – Borealis Compounds Inc Affiliate 13,312 -
determined by reference to management expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the
Group considers any change in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. 2,339,806 1,407,310
Selling and distribution costs
The movement in the provision for expected credit losses on other receivals during the year/ period was as follows: (ADNOC Logistics and Services) Affiliate 184,939 106,793
Administrative costs including secondee costs
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception) (ADNOC and Borealis) Shareholder /Affiliate 126,923 79,810
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 / incorporation 2,604 - Compensation of key management personnel:
Balance arising on business combination - 3,272 2023 Period from 28 April 2022
Charge to/(reversal of) provision for the year/period 84 (668) USD’000 (inception) to 31 December 2022
At 31 December 2,688 2,604 USD’000
Short-term benefits 4.680 2,966
Long-term benefits 431 234

=== [AR2023.pdf p85] ===
168 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
11 RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES continued Amounts due from related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
2023 2022
Other transactions
USD’000 USD’000
Investment in sublease – current 4,233 -
Tax
Investment in sublease – non-current 138,408 135,052
An amount of 364,828 thousand (2022: USD 324,946 thousand) was paid to the Government of Abu Dhabi Department of Finance by the Group
as per the fiscal agreement. At 31 December 2023, an amount of 45,952 thousand (2022: USD 34,763 thousand) was payable to the tax authorities. Amounts due from related parties - current 181,549 193,762
Amounts due from related parties – non-current - 2,606
Land - right of use Total 324,190 331,420
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings and plant and machinery are constructed, were granted by the Supreme
Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees,
The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days to their customers which are common market credit terms. No interest is charged on
expect for the Borouge 4 Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On the
amounts due from related parties. Past due receivables are provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by reference to
same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where rent will be payable on land for Innovation
management expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group considers any change
Centre Site (note 7).
in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. Management believes that no
provision for expected credit losses is required. The ageing analysis of amounts due from related parties is as follows:
Dividends
During the year ended 31 December 2023, dividends of USD 1,317 million (2022: USD 325 million) were declared and paid in accordance with
resolutions of the Board of Directors (note 14).
Weighted average Gross Provision for expected
loss rate receivables credit losses
(c) Amounts due to related parties USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Nature 2023 2022 31 December 2023
USD’000 USD’000
< 90 days 0% 125,853 -
ADNOC Shareholder 363,615 500,609
Past due 91 -180 days 0% 40,893 -
Borealis AG Shareholder 103,402 129,369
Past due 181 -365 days 0% 12,636 -
ADNOC Distribution Affiliate 953 548
Past due > 365 days 0% 144,808 -
ADNOC Logistics Affiliate 46,300 26,466
324,190 -
ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 36,289 -
31 December 2022
ADNOC Gas Processing Affiliate 1,702 3,422
< 90 days 0% 177,003 -
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate - 5
Past due 91 -180 days 0% 22,112 -
ADNOC LNG Affiliate 5 -
Past due 181 -365 days 0% 129,699 -
ADNOC Onshore Affiliate - 19
Past due > 365 days 0% 2,606 -
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 3,975 14,578
331,420 -
ADNOC Industrial Gas Affiliate - 569
ADNOC Industrial Gas Elixier Affiliate 1,139 -
12 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
DYM Solution Co. Ltd Affiliate 7,458 -
Borealis Compounds Inc. Affiliate 1,792 - a) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
Borealis AG Abu Dhabi Affiliate 404 -
Borouge 4 Affiliate - 5,477 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
567,034 681,062
USD’000
Current tax expense 382,617 264,130
Amounts due to related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
Deferred tax expense
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 17,716 20,705
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000 400,333 284,835
Non-current 34,389 67,441
Current 532,645 613,621
b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Total 567,034 681,062
(d) Amounts due from related parties 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
Nature 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000 Profit for the period before tax 1,401,003 1,018,658
ADNOC Shareholder 23,511 74,613 Effective tax rate 28.47% 29.03%
Borealis AG Shareholder 101,668 100,073 Tax on accounting profit at applicable rate 398,866 295,716
Borouge 4 Affiliate 41,119 14,206 Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (30) -
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 15,110 3,808 Tax effect of exempt income/tax holidays (1,602) -
ADNOC Offshore Affiliate 44 - Opening deferred tax assets remeasured (4,782) (6,046)
Borealis AG Abu Dhabi Affiliate 72 - Deferred tax assets reversed on disposed assets during current period 1,252 -
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate 25 3,668 Others 6,629 (4,835)
181,549 196,368 400,333 284,835
ADNOC Global Trading- Investment in sublease Affiliate 2,780 -
Borouge 4- Investment in sublease (note7(b)) Affiliate 139,861 135,052
142,641 135,052
324,190 331,420

=== [AR2023.pdf p86] ===
170 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
12 INCOME TAX EXPENSE continued Capital reserve
The capital reserve attributable to the owners of the Company relates to a waiver of a related party payable balance amounting to USD 14.8
million in prior years of PTE, the subsidiary.
(c) Movement in deferred tax balances
Deferred tax represents temporary differences arising due to the difference in useful lives used for accounting purposes and that used for fiscal
Actuarial reserve
purposes for all assets. It also arises due to the timing difference created in respect of the provision and payment relating to end of service
Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions on post- employment benefits
benefits. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income. They are included in the actuarial reserve in the
temporary differences. Deferred tax relates to the following:
consolidated statement of changes in equity and in the consolidated statement of financial position.
At 1 January 2023 Tax charge Recognised in FX difference At 31 December 2023 Cash flow hedge reserve
USD’000 profit or loss USD’000 Recognised USD’000
in profit or loss The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments that are designated and qualify as cash
USD’000 flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, limited to the
Property, plant and equipment (61,070) (17,850) - (78,920) cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge.
Other provision 27,805 134 (76) 27,863
Translation reserve
Deferred tax liability (33,265) (17,716) (76) (51,057)
The translation reserve comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the consolidated financial statements of foreign
operations into the Group’s presentation currency.
At inception Recognised in profit At 31 December 2022 Dividends
USD ‘000 or loss USD’000 USD’000 During the year ended 31 December 2023, dividends USD 1,317.2 million was declared and paid in accordance with a resolution of the Board
Property, plant and equipment (74,858) 13,788 (61,070) of Directors. Of the total dividend, an amount of USD 1,299.7 million was paid to shareholders of the Company and USD 17.5 million was paid
Other provision 62,298 (34,493) 27,805 to non-controlling interests.
Deferred tax liability (12,560) (20,705) (33,265)
15 PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES’ END OF SERVICE BENEFITS
At 31 December 2023 At 31 December 2022 The Group has a post-employment benefit plan that is awarded to employees in the United Arab Emirates. Under the plan, qualifying
USD’000 USD’000
employees will receive gratuity benefits when they leave service. The employees are entitled to receive a lumpsum benefit based on their last
Deferred tax asset 3,450 -
drawn salaries taking into account the number of years of their service to the Group.
Deferred tax liability (54,507) (33,265)
(51,057) (33,265) The defined benefit plan is unfunded. In the estimation of the defined benefit liability, the Group engaged an independent actuary to assess
the defined benefit plan obligation. The defined benefit plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks such as mortality rates, interest rates, and
expected retirement and termination rates.
13 SHARE CAPITAL
The provision for employees’ end of service benefit as the reporting date is as follows:
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company which became effective on 28 April 2022, the Company issued 50,000 ordinary
shares of USD 1 each on its incorporation to the Shareholders. By virtue of the Subscription and Transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022, 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
the Company issued further shares effective 31 May 2022 (note 1) increasing its share capital to USD 4.8 billion divided into 30,057,691,583
Defined benefit obligation – current 1,351 -
shares, each valued at USD 0.16.
Defined benefit obligation – non-current 93,018 93,926
94,369 93,926
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
Authorised, issued and fully paid Movement in defined benefit obligation
30,057,691,583 ordinary shares of USD 0.16 each 4,809,231 4,809,231 The following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the net defined benefit liability and
its components.
14 RESERVES
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
Merger reserve
Balance at 1 January 2023 /incorporation 93,926 -
The merger reserve was recognised on combination of the Borouge Business under the pooling of interest method (note 3).
Balance arising on business combination - 110,234
Restricted reserve
For the Company, in accordance with ADGM laws the provisions of the Decree Law No.32 of 2021 shall not apply to companies established in Included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
free zones of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.
2023 2022
For the subsidiary ADP, in accordance with the UAE Federal Law No. 32 of 2021 and the Articles of Association of the subsidiary ADP , 10% of USD’000 USD’000
the profit is transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. Such transfers are required to be made until the reserve is equal to 50% of the Current service cost 8,341 5,337
paid-up share capital of ADP. Interest cost 4,406 370
12,747 5,707
For the subsidiary PTE, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations of PRC, a portion of the profit of a subsidiary established in PRC is
required to transfer to a statutory reserve which is restricted in use.

=== [AR2023.pdf p87] ===
172 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
15 PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES’ END OF SERVICE BENEFITS continued This represents external facilities from a consortium of banks amounting to USD 4,000 million with a maturity of 5 years, comprising a
commercial term facility of USD 3,650 million and an Islamic facility of USD 350 million. The commercial term facility carries an interest rate of
2023 2022 SOFR + 0.90% margin per annum and the Islamic facility carries a profit margin amount. The repayment of the commercial term and Islamic
USD’000 USD’000 finance facilities will be in full after 5 years. During the year/period, interest on this loan amounted to USD 206,498 thousand (2022: USD
Other 91,741 thousand) and transaction costs amortised amounted to USD 6,726 thousand (2022: USD 2,333 thousand) and have been recognised
Benefits paid (4,885) (3,218) in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company
Transferred (245) - repaid an amount of USD 850,000 thousand (2022: USD nil) . There are no bank covenants or collateral maintained for the loans.
Foreign exchange loss 3 -
As at 31 December 2023, the Group has an undrawn revolving loan facility with First Abu Dhabi Bank amounting to USD 500 million, with
(5,127) (3,218)
the facility remaining in place for 1 further year. The loan bears an interest rate at SOFR plus margin per annum of 0.8%. Total commitment
Remeasurement of provision
fee recognised during the period amounted to USD 1,196 thousand (2022: USD 594 thousand). There are no bank covenants or collateral
Actuarial gains – arising from experience (4,303) (15) maintained for this facility.
Return on assets 4 -
Actuarial gains – arising from financial assumptions (2,878) (18,782) 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
(7,177) (18,797)
Current liabilities - -
Balance at 31 December 94,369 93,926 Non – current liabilities 3,140,725 3,983,999
3,140,725 3,983,999
Actuarial assumptions
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date (expressed as weighted averages).
17 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
Discount rate 5.5% 5.00%
Trade accounts payable 62,544 87,666
Salary escalation rate per annum 4.0% 4.00%
Accrued expenses 202,881 238,597
Contract liabilities (note 18) 23,463 33,044
Sensitivity analysis
Other payables 19,445 10,454
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would
have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below. 308,333 369,761
2023 Trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and have an average credit period of 30 days. The Group has financial risk management
USD ‘000 policies in place to ensure that all payables are paid within the credit timeframe.
Increase Decrease
Discount rate (1% movement) (5,266) 4,746
18 REVENUE
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,520 (5,044)
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception) to 31
USD’000 December 2022 USD’000
2022
Sale of goods (net of commissions and rebates)
USD ‘000
Polyethylene 2,409,258 2,245,241
Increase Decrease
Polypropylene 3,268,596 1,603,369
Discount rate (1% movement) (6,415) 5,506
Ethylene and others 113,491 148,541
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,776 (6,742)
5,791,345 3,997,151
Timing of revenue recognition
16 BANK LOANS
At a point in time 5,791,345 3,997,151
Revenue from contracts with customers 5,791,345 3,997,151
2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
In terms of the timing of revenue recognition, revenue is recognised at a point in time, when the control of goods is transferred to the Customer.
Commercial term facility 2,800,000 3,650,000
The Group does not render any installation or other services. There are no financing components on these contracts with customers. The
Islamic facility 350,000 350,000
performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 90 days from delivery. Certain contracts for
3,150,000 4,000,000
the sale of goods provide customers with a right of return. However, the sales returns are negligible as compared to the gross revenue for the
Unamortised transaction costs (9,275) (16,001) sale of goods. Based on estimated expected returns, goods that are likely to be returned are expected to be very minimal. Considering that
3,140,725 3,983,999 the sales returns of the Group are not significant, the Group has not recorded a refund liability and a right of return asset for anticipated sales
returns in either period.

=== [AR2023.pdf p88] ===
174 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
18 REVENUE continued 21 OTHER INCOME
Other income relates mainly to sale of scrap materials that took place during the year/period.
Geographical information
Revenue based on the geographical location of customers as follow:
22 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
Austria 393,285 223,472 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
Bangladesh 109,136 92,566 USD’000
Egypt 233,436 316,457 Salaries and wages (note 20) 84,208 54,745
India 896,483 564,385 Maintenance cost 29,381 15,951
Indonesia 84,384 - General service cost 15,374 7,935
Israel 79,142 65,893 Corporate service cost 4,927 5,509
Pakistan 272,298 168,272 Human capability cost 7,486 4,581
People’s Republic of China 1,727,686 1,272,880 Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 4,082 2,578
Saudi Arabia 129,845 74,948 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 2,040 1,476
United Arab Emirates 722,776 464,899 Insurance - 1,450
Singapore 113,840 - Travel cost 265 506
South Korea 78,051 - Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 244 158
Vietnam 122,321 85,902 Others 34,908 17,694
Others 828,662 667,477 182,915 112,583
5,791,345 3,997,151
23 SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES
Contract balances
Contract liabilities relate to advance consideration received from customers for sale of polyolefin products. The Group did not account for any
significant financing component arising from these advances as the related performance obligations are completed within less than 12 months. 2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception) to 31
USD’000 December 2022
USD’000
19 COST OF SALES Shipping cost 195,174 214,912
Storage cost 92,679 126,670
Salaries and wages (note 20) 83,764 58,368
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
General service cost 17,590 2,548
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000 Travel cost 1,673 1,884
Cost of production and other related costs 2,782,311 1,921,335 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 3 3
Staff cost (note 20) 318,369 190,576 Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 216 43
Depreciation on goods sold (note 5) 460,168 240,605 Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 88 104
Amortisation on goods sold (note 6) 23,711 8,461 Others 8,308 9,620
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 184 181 399,495 414,152
Royalty expense (note 11(b)) 42,640 25,105
3,627,383 2,386,263 24 CONTINGENCIES
19.1 Royalty expense relates to fees charged by Borealis for the manufacturing of polyolefin products under the Borstar process As at 31 December 2023, the Group had contingent liabilities amounting to USD 150 thousand (2022: USD 153 thousand) in respect of
license and process design agreement. bank and other guarantees and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business from which it is anticipated that no material liabilities
will arise.
20 STAFF COST The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s
consolidated financial statements if concluded unfavourably.
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
25 SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS
Cost of sales (note 19) 318,369 190,576
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 84,208 54,745 The business activities of the Group are performed on an integrated basis. Therefore, any segmentation of operating income, expenses, assets
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 83,764 58,368 and liabilities is not relevant and is not performed for internal management reporting purposes.
486,341 303,689
For internal management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products and services and has only one
reportable segment. The Group is managed as a single business unit and the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting
provided to the Chief Operating Decision-maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that makes strategic decisions. The financial information
reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its
business unit separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

=== [AR2023.pdf p89] ===
176 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
25 SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS continued ii) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled
The CODM regularly reviews the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The CODM function is to allocate by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool.
resources to and assess the performance of the operating segments of the Group. Based on the review and assessment of the CODM, the The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and funds from
Group has a single operating segment, which is ‘Polyolefin Business’. shareholders. The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise amounts due to related parties, trade and other payables, lease liabilities and
bank loans. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s operations and construction activity.
There are no other economic characteristics within the Group that will lead to determination of other operating segments. This analysis requires
significant judgement as to the circumstances of the Group. The shareholders of the Group and the facilities obtained from banks are the main source of funding for the Group and the liquidity risk for
the Group is assessed to be low. The Group limits its liquidity risk by ensuring adequate cash from operations, bank facilities and funds from
The Group does not have any operating segments that are aggregated. The CODM has considered the following criteria in determining the Shareholders are available.
operating segments of the Group:
• the nature of products and services; At 31 December 2023, 17.2% (2022: 15.6%) of the Group’s financial liabilities will mature in less than one year based on the carrying value of
• the nature of the production processes; borrowings reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities
• the type or class of customer for their products and services; and in each period based on undiscounted payments and current market interest rates:
• the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services;
Notes Carrying value Contractual cash One year or less More than
Based on the criteria and evaluation above, the CODM has determined that the Group has only one operating segment, which is consistent USD ‘000 flows USD ‘000 one year
with the internal reporting and performance measurement. USD ‘000 USD ‘000
31 December 2023
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 567,034 (567,034) (532,645) (34,389)
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Lease liabilities 7(c) 170,613 (300,693) (9,220) (291,473)
Overview Bank loan including interest 16 3,140,725 (3,750,330) (203,179) (3,547,151)
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management framework and is Derivative financial instruments 29 12,608 (11,999) 668 (12,667)
responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies. The Group’s risk management policies are established to Trade and other payables 17 62,544 (62,544) (62,544) -
identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk 3,953,524 (4,692,600) (806,920) (3,885,680)
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities.
31 December 2022
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 681,062 (681,062) (613,621) (67,441)
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
• Credit risk Lease liability 7(c) 163,378 (297,086) (5,568) (291,518)
• Liquidity risk Bank loan including interest 16 3,983,999 (4,831,345) (214,912) (4,616,433)
• Market risk Trade and other payables 17 87,666 (87,666) (87,666) -
4,916,105 (5,897,159) (921,767) (4,975,392)
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, policies and processes
for measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these
consolidated financial statements. Credit risk is limited to the carrying values of financial assets in the consolidated statement of The financial derivative instruments disclosed in the above table are the gross undiscounted cash flows. However, those amounts may be
financial position. settled gross or net. The following table shows the corresponding reconciliation of those amounts to their carrying amounts:
i) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial On demand Less than 3 to 12 1 to 5 Over 5 Total
USD ‘000 3 months months years years USD ‘000
loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities primarily for other receivables and amounts due from related parties and
USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000
from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions and other financial instruments.
Year ended 31 December 2023
Inflows - 6,685 17,455 32,279 - 56,419
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting
date was: Outflows - (5,782) (17,690) (44,946) - (68,418)
Net - 903 (235) (12,667) - (11,999)
Notes 2023 2022 Discounted at the applicable
USD’000 USD’000 interbank rates - 861 (468) (13,001) - (12,608)
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 181,549 196,368 Year ended 31 December 2022
Loans to employees 35,339 33,941 Inflows - - - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents 10 353,921 1,143,840 Outflows - - - - - -
Trade receivables 9(a) 796,682 890,339 Net - - - - - -
Prepayments and other receivables 9(b) 6,259 38,643 Discounts at the applicable
interbank rates - - - - - -
The Group’s credit risk primarily relates to concentration of credit attributable to the amounts due from third parties. Management estimates that
this concentration of credit risk is not significant, as exposure is ultimately spread over a large number of third party customers. All balances
The Group is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The derivative instruments have been entered into to manage
with banks represent commercial banks in the Middle East region. For banks, only reputable and independently rated parties with a sound
the interest rate risk, explained in the Financial Instruments risk management section on page 24.
rating are accepted.
iii) Market risk
The amount that best represents the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure at the reporting date, in the event counter parties fail to perform
Market price risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
their obligations under financial instruments generally approximates their carrying value. Amounts due from related parties and certain other
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the
receivables and balances with banks are not secured by any collateral.
return. Market prices comprise the following types of risk:

=== [AR2023.pdf p90] ===
178 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2023 31 DECEMBER 2023
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – year ended 31 December 2023
Foreign currency risk
At 1 January 2023 Cash Proceeds Others At 31 December 2023
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign USD’000 outflows USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the operating activities and assets and USD’000
liabilities denominated in a different currency from the functional currencies. Bank loan 3,983,999 (850,000) - 6,726 3,140,725
The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Thus, exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise. Total liabilities from financing activities 3,983,999 (850,000) - 6,726 3,140,725
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 5% increase in exchange rates for the Japanese Yen,
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – period ended 31 December 2022
Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Singaporean Dollar, British Pound and Swiss Frank over the United States Dollar, with all other variables held
constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). A 5% decrease in exchange rates
will have the same opposite effect. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not material. At inception Balance arising Cash Proceeds 31 December
USD’000 on business outflows USD’000 2022
combination USD’000 USD’000
2023 2022 USD’000
USD’000 USD’000
Bank loan - 3,983,999 - - 3,983,999
5% increase in exchange rates - impact on profit or loss
Total liabilities from financing activities - 3,983,999 - - 3,983,999
Japanese Yen 19 (19)
Chinese Yuan Renminbi (106) 149
Euro 999 120 27 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
Singaporean Dollar (853) (900)
The Group has authorised and committed estimated future expenditure amounting to USD 2,342 thousand (2022: USD 75,581 thousand).
British Pound 5 -
Swiss Frank 2 (52) 28 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
66 (702)
Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the Group by the weighted average
number of share outstanding during the period as follows:
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
2023 Period from 28 April 2022 (inception)
rate. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank loan drawdown.
USD’000 to 31 December 2022
USD’000
The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is based on the financial Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD ’000) 991,125 724,345
assets and financial liabilities held at the end of each period.
Weighted average number of shares in issue 30,057,691,583 30,057,691,583
Earnings per share (USD) 0.03 0.02
The interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows:
2023 2022 There are no dilutive securities therefore diluted EPS is the same as basic EPS.
USD’000 USD’000
Increase of 0.5% (15,704) (19,920)
29 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Decrease of 0.5% 15,704 19,920
Management considers that the fair values of the financial instruments of the Company are not materially different from their carrying values at
Debt issued at variable interest rates gives rise to an interest rate cash flow risk. Interest rate swap contracts are used for debt issued at fixed
the reporting date.
rates to generate variable interest exposure, creating a cashflow hedge.
Fair value hierarchy
iv) Capital risk management
As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities is as follows:
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to achieve strong credit metrics and healthy capital ratios in order to support
its business and maximise shareholder value. The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in
economic conditions. There are no regulatory imposed requirements on the level of share capital which the Group has not met. Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Items measured at fair value
The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. The Group includes within net debt,
At 31 December 2023
trade and other payables, bank loans, amounts due to related parties, derivative financial instruments lease liabilities and income tax payable
Interest rate swap – hedged - 12,608 - 12,608
less cash and cash equivalents. Capital includes total equity.
At 31 December 2022
Interest rate swap – hedged - - - -
Notes 2023 2022
USD’000 USD’000
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered in interest rate swap agreements for notional amount of USD 500 million. The
Trade and other payables [17] 308,333 369,761
Group incurred fair value loss on derivatives used in effective cashflow hedge relationship of USD 12,608 thousand (2022: nil).
Amounts due to related parties [11(c)] 567,034 681,062
Bank loans [16] 3,140,725 3,983,999
Lease liabilities [7(c)] 170,613 163,378
Derivative financial instruments 29 12,608 -
Income tax payable 49,871 40,267
Less: cash and cash equivalents (353,921) (1,143,840)
Total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 3,895,263 4,094,627
Total equity 4,545,836 4,869,600
Equity and total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 8,441,099 8,964,227
Gearing ratio 0.46 0.46

=== [AR2023.pdf p91] ===
180 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
31 DECEMBER 2023 AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
29 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES continued
2023 2022 2023 2022
Cash flow hedge For the twelve For the twelve For the three For the three
At 31 December 2023, the Group had an interest rate swap agreement in place with a notional amount of USD 500,000 thousand (2022: USD months ended 31 months ended 31 months ended 31 months ended 31
December December December December
Nil) whereby the Group receives a fixed rate of interest of 4.65% and pays interest at a variable rate on the external bank loan. The swap is
being used to hedge the exposure to variability of cash flows associated with the variable interest bearing loan held by the Group. USD millions USD millions USD millions USD millions
Revenue 5,791 6,727 1,497 1,593
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest rate swap match the terms
of the fixed rate loan (i.e., notional amount, maturity, payment and reset dates). The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging Cost of sales (3,627) (3,792) (896) (1,010)
relationships as the underlying risk of the interest rate swap is identical to the hedged risk component. To test the hedge effectiveness, the
Gross profit 2,164 2,935 601 583
Group completes a qualitative assessment of the critical terms, as the critical terms of the interest rate swap match with that of the hedged item
and the underlying economics of the interest rate swap matches the underlying of the hedged item. Other income 17 35 3 16
General and administrative expenses (183) (176) (50) (59)
The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:
• Different interest rate curve applied to discount the hedged item and hedging instrument Selling and distribution expenses (399) (703) (100) (148)
• Differences in timing of cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment (2) (16) (2) (4)
• The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instrument and hedged item
Operating profit 1,597 2,075 452 388
The ineffectiveness recognised in the statement of profit or loss was USD nil.
Finance income 27 21 6 9
Fair value hierarchy Finance cost (221) (119) (57) (52)
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of assets and liabilities by valuation technique:
Foreign exchange (loss) gain (2) (4) - (3)
Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Net finance loss (196) (102) (51) (46)
Level 2: Other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable,
Profit for the period before tax 1,401 1,973 401 342
either directly or indirectly.
Income tax expense (400) (564) (112) (95)
Level 3: Techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market data.
Profit for the period 1,001 1,409 288 247
During the year ended 31 December 2023 and the period ended 31 December 2022, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair
Profit for the period attributable to:
value measurements, and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements.
Owners of the Company 991 1,393 285 244
30 COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
Non-controlling interests 10 16 3 3
Certain comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform to the presentation for the current year and to improve the quality of 1,001 1,409 288 247
information previously presented. Such reclassifications do not affect previously reported net profit or total equity.
Other comprehensive income for the period
31 APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent periods
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on [x].
Defined benefit plan remeasurements 7 19 7 20
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Net loss on cash flow hedges (13) - (13) -
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation (2) (9) 2 2
Total other comprehensive income for the period (7) 10 (3) 22
Total comprehensive income for the period 993 1,419 285 269
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company 984 1,404 282 266
Non-controlling interests 9 15 3 3
993 1,419 285 269
Earnings per share:
Basic and diluted (USD) 0.03 0.05 0.01 0.01
Jan-Martin Nufer
Chief Financial Officer

=== [AR2023.pdf p92] ===
182 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ANNUAL REPORT 2023 183
UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF UNAUDITED EARNINGS PER SHARE
OPERATING PROFIT
For the twelve For the twelve For the three For the three For the three For the twelve For the twelve For the twelve For the three For the three For the three
months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended
31 December 31 December 30 September 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 30 September 31 December 31 December
2023 2022 2023 2023 2022 2023 2023 2022 2023 2023 2022
USD USD USD USD USD Q4 2023 vs. Earnings per share (EPS) in USD 0.03 0.05 0.01 0.01 0.01
millions millions millions millions millions Q3 2023
Diluted earnings per share in USD 0.03 0.05 0.01 0.01 0.01
Revenue 5,791 6,727 1,496 1,497 1,593 0%
UNAUDITED ADJUSTED EBITDA
Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and
amortisation) (3,062) (3,237) (773) (755) (861) 2% For the twelve For the twelve For the three For the three For the three
months ended months ended months ended months ended months ended
Feedstock costs (1,357) (1,266) (323) (336) (331) (4%) 31 December 31 December 30 September 31 December 31 December
2023 2022 2023 2023 2022
Other variable and fixed production costs (1,705) (1,971) (450) (419) (530) 7%
USD millions
as % of revenue 53% 48% 52% 50% 54%
Profit for the period 1,001 1,409 282 288 247
Selling and distribution expenses (399) (703) (95) (100) (148) (5%)
Income tax expense 400 564 116 112 95
as % of revenue 7% 10% 6% 7% 9%
Net finance loss, including foreign exchange loss 196 102 51 52 46
General and administrative expenses (177) (176) (39) (46) (59) (18%)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 540 530 137 138 143
as % of revenue 3% 3% 3% 3% 4%
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 4 4 1 1 1
Other income and expenses 16 19 4 2 12 (50%)
Amortization of intangible assets 28 21 6 7 5
as % of revenue 0% 0% 0% 0% 1%
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment 2 16 - 2 4
Depreciation and amortisation (572) (555) (144) (146) (149) (1%)
Adjusted EBITDA(1) 2,171 2,646 592 600 541
Operating profit 1,597 2,075 449 452 388 1%
Capital expenditure (2) 199 189 20 74 76
as % of revenue 28% 31% 30% 30% 24%
Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow (3) 1.972 2,457 573 526 465
Total operating costs / tonne of production 829 972 775 782 921
Cash conversion (%) 91% 93% 97% 88% 86%
(1) Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA plus adjustments on foreign exchange gain or loss and impairment loss on
property, plant, and equipment.
(2) Capital expenditure is calculated as additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for the period.
(3) Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditure.

=== [AR2023.pdf p93] ===
www.borouge.com