
=== [AR2022.pdf p1] ===
BOROUGE
PLC
ANNUAL
REPORT
2022
ANNUAL REPORT
2022
VALUE CREATION
THROUGH PEOPLE
AND INNOVATION

=== [AR2022.pdf p2] ===
INTRODUCTION
COMMITTED
TO PROVIDING
CREATIVE
SOLUTIONS
Contents
Introduction Chief Financial Officer’s Review 50 Financial Statements
At a Glance 2 Key Metrics 52 106-154
Our History and Year in Review 4 Risk Management 54 Board of Directors’ Report 108
Sustainability Report 60 Independent Auditor’s Report 109
Strategic Report Our People 66 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 112
8-71 Stakeholder Engagement 70 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income 113
Chairman’s Statement 8 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 114
Chief Executive Officer’s Statement 10 Governance Report Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 116
Our Competitive Advantage 14 72-105 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 117
Market Review 16 Corporate Governance 74
Our Business Model 20 Board of Directors of the Company 76 Unaudited 12 Months Pro-Forma Consolidated
Our Strategy 22 Senior Management 79 Financial Statements
Our Strategy in Action 25 Board Committees 80 Unaudited Statement of Profit and Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income 152
Our Value Chain 28 Ethics and Compliance Report 82
Unaudited Summary of Operating Profit 153
Business Review – Production 30
Unaudited Earnings Per Share (EPS) 154
Business Review – Sales and Marketing 36
Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA 154
Business Review – Technology and Innovation 44
Note: Borouge PLC was formally established on 28 April 2022, and as such our statutory published financials only cover the period from 28 April 2022 to
31 December 2022. The Company has prepared unaudited pro-forma accounts, showing the combination that forms the current business of Borouge PLC as
if it had been in operation for the 12 months ended 2022 and the 12 months ended 2021. These are the full year numbers being referenced across the strategic
section of this annual report. Currency references throughout this report to $ are to US dollars; references to t/y are to tonnes per year; references to PE are
to polyethylene; and references to PP are to polypropylene.

=== [AR2022.pdf p3] ===
Welcome to Borouge Annual Report 2022
ROBUST PRODUCTION GROWTH
Revenue
With the successful PP5 expansion of Borouge 3, our world-class
polyolefin production plant reached new production level while
$6,727m
maintaining high asset reliability and utilisation.
Read more on page 30 +8%
ACHIEVING RECORD SALES
We launched new products and added recycled polyolefins to our Adjusted EBITDA
portfolio, driving growth by creating a more diversified and
sustainable offering for our clients around the world. $2,646m
Read more on page 35
-3%
INNOVATION DRIVING DIFFERENTIATION
Powered by Borealis Borstar® technology, we continued to expand
Net income
and differentiate our product portfolio through continuous innovation
to lead our industry and maintain a price premium. $1,409m
Read more on page 44
-8%
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 1

=== [AR2022.pdf p4] ===
AT A GLANCE
Borouge is a
leading
petrochemical company
that provides creative
polyolefin solutions for a
wide range of industries.
Established in 1998, as a strategic partnership between the Abu Dhabi National
Oil Company (ADNOC) and Borealis, one of the world’s leading providers of advanced
and circular polyolefin solutions and a European market leader in base chemicals,
fertilisers and the mechanical recycling of polyolefins.
Employs more than 3,100 people with 49 Borouge PLC (Borouge) was incorporated on
Established in
nationalities, serving customers across Asia 28 April 2022 in the jurisdiction of Abu Dhabi
Pacific, Middle East and Africa. Borouge is Global Market (ADGM) for the purpose of
1998
made up of two operating entities: serving as the holding company for ADP
and PTE.
΄ a production company primarily
Employs over
responsible for polyolefin production, Borouge PLC was listed on the Abu Dhabi
3,100 headquartered in Abu Dhabi (ADP) Securities Exchange (ADX) on 3 June 2022,
΄ a sales and marketing company raising gross proceeds of over $2.0 billion for
primarily responsible for the marketing, the offering of 10% of the Company’s total
sales and distribution of products to issued share capital. The Borouge listing was
Nationalities
customers around the globe, the largest-ever listing on ADX and the
49 headquartered in Singapore (PTE) Middle East’s largest-ever petrochemicals
listing. After two decades of continued
Our portfolio of products comprises success and growth as a private company,
Note: In 1998, ADNOC and Borealis agreed to form polyethylene and polypropylene (the two Borouge’s Initial Public Offering marks the
an operations joint venture to build and operate a most common forms of polymer) which are start of a new journey as a publicly listed
petrochemical complex in Al Ruways, UAE (ADP) and
used for a variety of consumer and company, with ADNOC and Borealis
a sales and marketing company in Singapore (PTE).
infrastructure applications. remaining committed, strategic, and
long-term shareholders.
Legal Structure
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company Borealis Middle East Holding GmbH
Free Float
(ADNOC) (BMEH)
10%
54% 36%
Borouge PLC
(ADGM entity) 15.25%
100% 84.75%
Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Borouge Pte Ltd
(ADP) (PTE)
2 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p5] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our Vision Our Mission Our Values
The recognised leader in creative Value creation through people and At Borouge, we are one family working
polyolefin solutions that have a positive innovation. together in making Borouge a greater
impact on society today and tomorrow. place for us and generations to come,
through living and breathing our
five values of being progressive,
collaborative, responsible, respectful
and efficient.
Our International Presence
Beijing
Tokyo
Shanghai
Cairo
Al Ruways New Delhi
Industrial City Guangzhou
Abu Dhabi Mumbai
Bangkok
Ho Chi Minh City
Singapore
Jakarta
Head Office: ADP Innovation Centre
Head Office: PTE Sales, marketing, representative offices
Petrochemical Complex
Compounding Plant
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 3

=== [AR2022.pdf p6] ===
OUR HISTORY AND YEAR IN REVIEW
1998 2013
΄ Borouge is established in the United Arab ΄ Borouge achieves Responsible Care® RC
Emirates 14001 certification
2001 2014
΄ Polyolefin production commences in Al Ruways ΄ Polyolefin production in Al Ruways expands
with a capacity of 450,000t/y to 4.5mt/y
2005 2015
΄ Polyolefin production in Al Ruways expands to ΄ Borouge increases production capacity of
600,000t/y Compounding Manufacturing Plant in Shanghai
to 90,000t/y
΄ Innovation Centre inauguration in Abu Dhabi
2006 2016
΄ Borouge signs the Responsible Care® RC Global ΄ Borouge achieves OHSAS 18001 certification
Charter ΄ Cross-Linked Polyethylene (XLPE) production
΄ Borouge becomes a founding member of the commences in Al Ruways
Gulf Petrochemicals and Chemicals Association ΄ Borouge wins the Gold category of the Sheikh
(GPCA) Khalifa Excellence Award (SKEA)
΄ Borouge inaugurates its Application Centre in
2007 Shanghai, China
΄ Launch of the ‘Water for the World’ initiative with
2017
Borealis
΄ Initiates Borouge 4 pre-FEED
2010
΄ Launches AnteoTM globally with Borealis
΄ Compounding Manufacturing Plant in Shanghai
starts production with capacity of 50,000t/y 2018
΄ Polyolefin production in Al Ruways expands to
΄ Borouge celebrates the ground-breaking of PP5
2mt/y
unit in Al Ruways to grow polypropylene capacity
to 2.2mt/y
4 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p7] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
2019 2021
΄ Borouge receives ADNOC In-Country Value ΄ Borouge announces its support to the ‘Make It In
(ICV) certificate in recognition of its role in The Emirates’ strategy
supporting the UAE’s private sector ΄ ADNOC and Borealis announce the Final
΄ Borouge becomes strategic partner of Project Investment Decision for the Borouge 4 facility in
STOP Al Ruways
΄ Borouge makes first commercial sale of recycled
2020 polyolefins
΄ Establishes marketing company in Cairo, Egypt,
to strengthen its leading market position in the
Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region
΄ Borouge announces the production of a special
grade to make face masks, following the outbreak
of COVID-19
2022
February July
• Borouge successfully starts up its fifth polypropylene • Borouge announces strong H1 2022 financial results
unit (PP5) in Al Ruways increasing the polypropylene for the first six months of 2022 with revenue growth
production capacity to 2.2mt/y, to reach total of 16.4% year-on-year
polyolefin production capacity of 5mt/y
September
• Borouge celebrates the ground-breaking of Borouge
• Borouge distributes its 2022 interim dividend
4 project in Al Ruways
of USD 325 million (AED 1.2 billion)
May
October
• ADNOC Group and Borealis announce their Intention
• Borouge launches a number of fully recyclable
to Float (ITF) a 10% stake of Borouge on the Abu
polyolefin solutions at K Fair 2022, underlining its
Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX) through an Initial
commitment to advance circular economy ambitions
Public Offering (IPO)
November
June
• Borouge and ADNOC Logistics and Services
• Borouge lists on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange
(ADNOC L&S) inaugurate the Borouge Global
(ADX), marking the largest ever listing on ADX and
Gateway at Khalifa Port
the Middle East’s largest-ever petrochemical listing
• Borouge and Etihad Rail sign the terms sheet for a
strategic partnership for sustainable transportation to
transport 1.3mt of Borouge’s polyolefins annually from
its petrochemical complex in Al Ruways Industrial
City via rail for export to customers
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 5

=== [AR2022.pdf p8] ===
6 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p9] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Inside this Section
8-71
Chairman’s Statement 8
Chief Executive Officer’s Statement 10
Our Competitive Advantage 14
Market Review 16
Our Business Model 20
Our Strategy 22
Our Strategy in Action 25
Our Value Chain 28
Business Review – Production 30
Business Review – Sales and Marketing 36
Business Review – Technology
and Innovation 44
Chief Financial Officer’s Review 50
Key Metrics 52
Risk Management 54
Sustainability Report 60
Our People 66
Stakeholder Engagement 70
STRATEGIC
REPORT
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 7

=== [AR2022.pdf p10] ===
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
It is my great pleasure and
honour to present Borouge’s
Annual Report for 2022, our first
since the Company was floated
on the Abu Dhabi Securities
Exchange (ADX) in June.”
H.E. Dr Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber
Chairman
8 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p11] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge’s performance Borouge reported annual revenue of At Al Ruways Industrial City, our
$6.7 billion, increasing by 8.2%, driven by environmental focus is on flare reduction,
in its first year as a listed increased sales volumes. Production energy management, water management
company exemplified capacity grew by 10% year-on-year and net and emissions reduction. Accordingly, we
profit of $1.4 billion was in line with market have set ambitious targets for 2025, having
our commitment to expectations, holding up well despite the previously developed the Al Ruways
value creation. Against challenging market environment. Environmental Sustainability Programme in
2019, signalling our commitment to mitigating
challenging market Our performance and strong trajectory and minimising our environmental impact.
conditions for the entire support our commitment to pay $975 million
in total post-IPO dividends for 2022 and at We are always developing new ways to
petrochemical industry, least $1.3 billion for 2023. maximise recyclates across our value chain
the strength of our and reduce material use, by extending
CHAMPIONING THE UAE’S INDUSTRIAL product durability and promoting new
operations and asset GROWTH AND SUSTAINABILITY designs that embrace reuse and recycling.
base, strategic direction, As a UAE industrial champion and enabler of
growth, Borouge supports the local supply Central to the wellbeing of our people is
innovative mindset, chain and the nation’s In-Country Value consistent engagement to reinforce our
dedicated employees, programme, as well as sustainable economic 100% Health, Safety and Environment
diversification and development. (HSE) culture. We have also devised and
and rigorous marketing implemented programmes to protect and
ensured strong results. Our contribution to the UAE’s economic promote the wellbeing of employees and to
agenda expanded in 2022. We signed a foster the welfare of our communities.
strategic partnership with Etihad Rail to
A HISTORIC YEAR FOR BOROUGE
It is my great pleasure to present Borouge’s transport our polyolefins; with ADNOC FURTHER SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
Annual Report for 2022, our first since the Logistics & Services we inaugurated the IN 2023
Borouge Global Gateway at Khalifa Port; and Looking ahead, we remain optimistic on
Company was floated on the Abu Dhabi
we signed an MoU with Abu Dhabi Medical sustainable growth. Asia Pacific continues to
Securities Exchange (ADX) in June.
Devices Company to develop the local be our largest market, contributing 63% of
medical device manufacturing industry. total revenue in 2022. We are positioned to
In the largest-ever offering on ADX
capture market opportunities, thanks to new
at the time of listing, Borouge attracted
In early 2022, PP5 came online, expanding capacity from PP5, our competitive cost
investor demand topping $83.4 billion,
our Borouge 3 plant. PP5 is a critical positioning, our innovative product mix, our
with the shares more than 42 times over-
milestone in Borouge’s 2030 growth strategy, growing participation in the circular
subscribed. Shortly after listing, Borouge
by adding significant production capacity economy, and our ability to optimise
was included in the FTSE Global Equity
and making Borouge one of the top five feedstock.
Index Series.
polyolefin producers in Asia Pacific and the
Middle East. In conclusion, I would like to express my
The success of our IPO is testament to our
gratitude to our shareholders, the Board of
outstanding track record since ADNOC and
Borealis AG created Borouge in 1998. It also SUSTAINABILITY IS CENTRAL TO OUR Directors and all of Borouge’s employees for
speaks to our prospects of continued BUSINESS AND SUCCESS their contribution to our success. With your
Borouge is committed to its comprehensive support, Borouge’s future is very promising
excellence, delivered by the efforts of our
sustainability strategy for people, profit and and we all look forward to creating
people, our strategic vision, and the
the planet. Initiatives such as Project STOP, exceptional shareholder value in the years
innovation we apply to differentiating our
Water for the World and Polymers on the to come.
products and solutions.
Move play an active role in addressing global
challenges such as food waste and scarcity,
EXCEPTIONAL RESPONSE TO A
clean water access, the responsible energy
CHALLENGING OPERATING
transition, healthcare support, and waste
ENVIRONMENT
management. We work closely with our
Our strengths and competitive advantages
customers, suppliers and other value chain
helped us stave off much of the headwinds
partners to address global challenges.
experienced by the global industry in 2022
Borouge’s majority shareholders back the
– a confluence of negative macroeconomic
UAE’s national drive to achieve net zero
factors, geopolitical instability and new
emissions by 2050 and, with this in mind,
COVID-19 concerns in China.
Borouge has a comprehensive roadmap to
reduce emissions.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 9

=== [AR2022.pdf p12] ===
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
Borouge delivered a resilient
performance amidst challenging
conditions for the entire industry.
Our innovative mindset,
formidable competitive edge,
and targeting of high-growth
markets further strengthened
our position as a leading
petrochemical company.”
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi
Chief Executive Officer
10 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p13] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
We grew our production Borouge’s core Asia Pacific and Middle East RESILIENCE, RECORD PRODUCTION
markets remains stronger than in developed AND INNOVATION DELIVER SOLID
capacity with the startup of markets, with economic growth rates ahead RESULTS
our fifth polypropylene unit of developed economies, and with more Borouge collaborated with logistics partners
stable demand growth. Demand is being to find solutions to transport blockages,
(PP5) and $50-million driven by rapid and substantial infrastructure and we leveraged our position as a leading
revamp of our PE3 unit, investment, healthcare improvements, rising global producer of superior, differentiated
living standards, urbanisation, renewable polyolefins to achieve volume growth and
becoming the world’s energy adoption, and more sophisticated strong sales at the premium pricing seen
largest polyethylene plant, agricultural production. For Borouge, this has in the earlier part of the year.
created significant opportunities for our
and firmly cementing solutions, and we have worked closely with The outcome was revenue of $6.7 billion,
our position as a UAE our customers to meet their evolving needs. increasing by 8.2% versus the previous year,
driven by a 14.9% increase in total polyolefin
industrial champion. PP5 In collaboration with our long-term partner, sales volumes. Our overall production
enabled us to boost our ADNOC Logistics & Services, we boosted capacity grew by 10% year-on-year, in
our operational efficiencies and enhanced support of increasing volumes and bringing
production capacity to our global supply chains with the more differentiated grades into the
reach five million tonnes inauguration of the Borouge Global Gateway production mix.
at Khalifa Port.
per year, further reinforcing Adjusted EBITDA for the full-year period
our ambitions of providing MULTIPLE CHALLENGES BUFFETED THE stood at $2.6 billion. Net profit for the year
GLOBAL PETROCHEMICAL INDUSTRY was $1.4 billion, in line with market
differentiated polyolefin Notwithstanding our many operational expectations, despite an overall challenging
solutions and delivering advantages, factors beyond our control market environment.
created headwinds in 2022, putting pressure
exceptional value for our on demand and pricing. Polyolefin pricing, INNOVATION DRIVES DIFFERENTIATION
shareholders. normally correlated with oil prices, surged AND SUSTAINABILITY
in the early part of the year before sinking in Innovation plays a critical part in the quality,
the second half, despite continued buoyancy differentiation, and sustainability of our
A GROUND-BREAKING YEAR IN
for oil. solutions. Our Al Ruways Environmental
BOROUGE’S JOURNEY
Sustainability Programme reinforces our
2022 was momentous for Borouge in many
Demand in our core territories continues commitment to both operational excellence
ways. Our track record in production
to outperform global markets, and we will and sustainability. The programme, launched
capacity growth, up ten-fold since 2002,
press ahead with our strategy of innovation, in 2019, continues to boost energy efficiency,
advantageous long-term feedstock supply
bringing new products to customers achieve zero continuous flaring, and offset
contracts, proprietary Borealis Borstar®
while tactically placing volumes to meet our carbon emissions at our world-scale
technology have established our business as
shifting demand. complex in Al Ruways Industrial City –
a highly attractive global polyolefins platform.
enabling Borouge to provide innovative
We continue to achieve premia above and sustainable solutions, while reinforcing
Complementing these attributes is our
benchmark pricing, reflecting our our role as a responsible petrochemical
strategic focus on, and access to, markets
differentiated product mix, product quality, company.
with a high and ever-increasing demand for
and customer relationships.
our differentiated products. Activity in
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 11

=== [AR2022.pdf p14] ===
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
CONTINUED
In 2022, Borouge launched 10 new products BOROUGE’S DIRECT MARKET ACCESS Employee engagement is supported
including a new random polypropylene MAINTAINS STRONG CUSTOMER by ongoing wellness programmes which
packaging portfolio based on the new RELATIONSHIPS aim to promote a healthy and engaging
non-phthalate catalyst. The launch of these Our operations and marketing benefitted working environment. HSE is central to
new PP products will facilitate phasing from customer proximity and direct access our corporate culture, and was bolstered
out of the existing phthalate catalyst while to our target markets, facilitated by our through integrated programmes, including
supporting our differentiation objective. 12 logistics hubs. Borouge maintained its our culture of CARE, which is underscored
progress towards offering a more diversified by five values: progressive, collaborative,
Borouge’s Innovation Centre in Abu Dhabi and sustainable portfolio, launching new responsible, respectful, and efficient.
works closely with its counterparts at products and adding recycled polyolefins
Borealis. The Centre is critical to achieving while continuing to deliver growth. This BUILDING ON OUR SUCCESSES
our 2030 targets of 1mt/y in additional approach resulted in our highest-ever annual IN THE YEAR AHEAD
infrastructure solutions sales volumes from sales volumes. We will continue positioning Borouge for
sustainable applications as well as 20% of growth in 2023, adding to our financial
consumer solutions sales that support the We sold an increasing proportion of our strength, advancing operational efficiencies
circular economy. products into the infrastructure solutions and reinforcing the Company’s product
market, with September 2022 the strongest differentiation and innovation.
Over the year, we also added 12 new volume ever achieved in a single month.
strategic partnerships with recycling Specifically, sales volumes of PE100, a key Borouge will continue to make substantial,
companies across seven countries, and premium product used in infrastructure meaningful strides towards greater
launched several fully recyclable solutions. applications, contributed positively to the participation in the circular economy by
Additionally, we are switching to more durable overall sales mix outcome. further embedding sustainability across
and environmentally friendly recycled plastic the business. We operate a young and
pallets in our logistic operations. Constantly enhancing how we serve our well-maintained asset base with limited
customers is central to our business case, maintenance and capital expenditure levels,
We established a partnership with Etihad Rail and we apply innovative thinking and best-in- which further enhances our production
to transport 1.3mt/y of polymers to export class technology to drive continuous capacity. We are a global leader with an
customers. This arrangement will optimise improvement. exceptionally strong track record, operating
our logistics platform, lowering both a highly attractive polyolefins production
operating costs and carbon emissions. OUR PEOPLE REMAIN CORE platform in a robust industry environment.
TO OUR PROGRESS
Borouge teamed up with distribution and At Borouge, we work together to make In response to the prevailing market
recycling company Ravago in 2022 to the Company an employer of choice and challenges and to sustain our competitive
re-compound polyolefin by-products for a great place to work. We are committed to positioning, we launched our Value
value-added manufacturing applications, attracting, developing and engaging the best Enhancement Programme, focused on
re-using traditionally wasted material and possible talent and creating a diverse and high-impact cost efficiency initiatives and
reducing our carbon footprint. dynamic corporate culture that creates revenue optimisation. The programme
long and rewarding careers for our people, targets a $400 million positive impact to
Our world-class polyolefin production while supporting diversity and inclusion. EBITDA in 2023, most of which is expected
plant grew its capacity by 10% in 2022, to be achieved during the second half of the
due to the new PP5 unit. In 2022, we brought world-class talent into year, offsetting anticipated market pressures.
key roles, which supported our IPO success Thereafter, Borouge expects to sustain this
and will continue to power growth moving positive EBITDA impact from 2024, versus
forward. We also reinforced our commitments a full-year 2022 baseline.
to supporting the development of our
national Emirati talent and increasing our We are also exploring growth opportunities
female workforce, which I am pleased to note through international expansion. These will
now comprises 27% of management positions. be focused on geographies and markets that
support our existing strategic priorities and
will be aligned with our disciplined approach
to capital allocation.
12 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p15] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
WITH THANKS
I express my appreciation and gratitude
to Borouge’s Board of Directors for their
invaluable guidance during this remarkable
year. Additionally, to ADNOC and Borealis
who continue to provide immense support
across our business.
The many achievements of the year,
especially in light of the macroeconomic
environment in which we operated, were
driven by the expertise of our Executive
Committee, our highly experienced
management team, and delivered by
our dedicated and committed employees.
I am grateful for all your contributions.
You are the engine of our success.
We express our appreciation to all our new
shareholders for your participation in our
IPO and your continued support. We remain
committed to building a business that will
reward your investment with sustainable and
competitive returns.
Finally, our partners and valued customers
deserve enormous credit for their part in our
success. I look forward to many years of
collaboration as we keep true to our value
creation mission, enabling a brighter and
more sustainable tomorrow.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 13

=== [AR2022.pdf p16] ===
OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
Creating Long-Term Value
As a trusted global leader in premium polyolefins solutions, Borouge
is ideally placed to leverage its strengths and competitive advantages
to continue to grow and create sustainable value for our shareholders
and all our stakeholders.
Investment case
Global polyolefins platform with Powered by Borstar® technology and
advantaged cost position building on enhanced by direct access to market
world-class facilities Leveraging the proprietary Borealis Borstar® technology is a key
component in our sustainable competitive advantage, enabling the
We own and operate one of the largest single-site integrated
production of polyolefin grades with special properties and superior
polyolefins platforms, with annual production capacity of 5mt/y.
processability. We drive continuous innovation across all areas
Growth in scale has been achieved while maintaining industry-
of our business, and global innovation network, headquartered
leading levels of asset reliability and operational excellence. All mega
in Abu Dhabi, UAE.
project expansions have been delivered on time and on budget.
The next chapter in our growth story is Borouge 4*, which will add
Technological differentiation is complemented by a strategically
1.4mt/y of polyethylene capacity to the platform by 2025.
located marketing footprint across target geographies. This is
made possible by strong direct sales channels in Asia Pacific, the
Our strong financial performance benefits from a first quartile position
Middle East and Africa, to which 90% of sales volume is delivered –
on the global cost curve. This is driven by: competitively priced
a much higher portion than the industry average. Distribution
long-term feedstock contracts with security of supply with our major
capability is further strengthened by a network of logistics hubs
shareholder; a young asset base with 90% of assets under 12 years old;
in nine international locations, as well as an operating partnership
and one of the largest single-site polyolefins integrated complexes,
with Abu Dhabi’s Khalifa Port.
offering significant economies of scale.
* Borouge 4 was carved out from Borouge Plc prior to the IPO and is intended to be re-contributed into Borouge by the end
of 2025. The Borouge 4 project is being fully managed by Borouge on behalf of the project owners, ADNOC and Borealis.
14 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p17] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Robust industry environment with Leader in premium polyolefin solutions
strong long-term demand growth commanding premium prices
We serve high growth markets in Asia, the Middle East and Africa, Differentiation and value-add of our products are directly reflected
which account for 68% of the global polyolefins demand and are in our realised prices, which command healthy premiums above
expected to account for 86% of the forecast global growth between benchmarks. This unique positioning is further supported by
2022 and 2026. Demand in our focus markets is expected to the strength of our direct sales channels, which also enable
outstrip supply and outpace GDP growth. the generation of premiums, with consistently superior quality
solutions based on customer engagement and feedback.
Our customer solutions address global megatrends, including
expanding populations and the rapid growth of emerging economies,
ecommerce, food waste and scarcity, circular economies, water
access and sanitation, and energy transition. These megatrends
contribute to higher demand for our products through both traditional
material substitution and new applications.
Strong financial profile and reliable Sustainability focus and commitment
through-the-cycle dividend capacity to drive industry transition
Our industry-leading financial performance reflects our unique Our sustainability ethos, transparent reporting and long-term, ambitious
competitive positioning. Resilient sales volumes have resulted in environmental efficiency targets in our operations set us apart in our
healthy revenue and EBITDA generation over time. Strong top- industry. Our solutions are safe, durable, lightweight and are found on
and bottom-line performance is driven by our scale, premium applications which address global challenges, such as food security,
products and track record of reliability. This is demonstrated by improved healthcare, access to energy, water and sanitation.
through-the-cycle profitability, high margins relative to peers,
and strong cash flow generation allowing for ample dividends We continuously invest in innovation to strengthen our competitive
to shareholders. advantages and improve the quality and sustainability of our products.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 15

=== [AR2022.pdf p18] ===
MARKET REVIEW
Robust fundamentals in our core markets, combined with our sales and operational
excellence, helped us produce a resilient result in 2022, despite challenging industry
and market conditions experienced in the second half of the year.
Macroeconomic and political factors that Borouge will benefit from significant
shaped 2022 growth in target markets
In early 2022, the global economy was emerging from many of the Polyolefins are versatile, thermoplastic products suitable for a broad
constraints imposed by the pandemic lockdowns across the world. spectrum of applications, from domestic products and perishable
Returning positive sentiment was short-lived, however, with the food to major infrastructure projects, agriculture, vehicles, and the
eruption of geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine, medical sector.
which pushed oil and energy prices higher from February onwards.
Supply chain disruptions continued until the third quarter. In our Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa markets, several
fundamental changes are supporting expanding demand for our
At the same time, while demand for polyolefin products returned in polyolefin products.
the first half of the year, supply also increased as new plant capacity,
albeit delayed by the pandemic, came onstream. Nonetheless, Rapid urbanisation and industrialisation in China, Southeast Asia,
Borouge leveraged its position as a quality polyolefin supplier with and the Indian subcontinent are fuelling requirements for polyolefin
a robust logistics network and an extensive sales footprint to notch products, while the focus of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC)
up strong sales at premium pricing, while also achieving volume is in new downstream and manufacturing sectors, diversifying their
growth with the start-up of our PP5 facility. economies and increasing their need for polyolefin products.
The second half of 2022 has seen price pressures on the polyolefin Many infrastructure projects in rural and urban areas in China, India
industry, as market remained subdued. Despite the challenges, and the GCC, put on hold during the COVID-19 pandemic, have
Borouge managed to sell volumes produced through our well- restarted, leading to growth in demand. Further, as these economies
balanced product portfolio and strong presence across wide improve the living standards of their populations, a larger urban-
geographies, demonstrating agility to adapt our tactics in dynamic based middle class emerges with higher spending power, and the
market conditions. desire for consumer goods will rise. This will shift consumption
patterns towards higher value products and more durable goods,
fuelling demand for polyolefin-based components and packaging.
16 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p19] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge’s target markets are expected to continue to drive global demand
ASIA AND MEA EXPECTED TO ACCOUNT FOR 86% OF GLOBAL POLYOLEFINS (PO) DEMAND GROWTH
ADDRESSING GLOBAL SERVING HIGH GROWTH WITH DEMAND OUTSTRIPPING
MEGATRENDS MARKETS SUPPLY
Global polyolefins demand1 Global polyethylene supply/demand
additions (mt/y)4
Growth in population and
emerging economies
16.2
32%
Healthcare and 13.4
202mt/y 59%
hygiene demand
9%
Food waste and scarcity
Asia Middle East and Africa RoW
Circular economy 68%
Borouge markets2
Forecast 2022-2026
Water access and sanitation
Additions to global supply
Additions to global demand
86% +4.4%
Energy transition Forecast global Forecast
growth3 CAGR3
Sources: Company Information, CMA
1 As of 2022
2 Figure not reconciling with Global Polyolefins Demand chart due to rounding
3 2022 – 2026 CAGR
4 2022 – 2026 based on announced capacity additions only
Water sanitation and access are being improved in many of our Another growing opportunity for Borouge is the provision of better
target markets, requiring the installation of large, durable, and healthcare and improved hygiene in emerging economies, creating
high-performance polyolefin piping for water distribution, and reliable demand for advanced polyolefin grades for medical appliances,
sewage and wastewater pipes for drainage. Similarly, infrastructure devices, and protective equipment and apparel.
investment in the transition to renewable energy options depends on
power transmission cables, sheathed in polyolefin products, for new The cumulative effect of these trends is a substantial economic
distribution networks and undersea cabling to connect to offshore growth forecast for these markets, which has a knock-on impact on
wind platforms. our products. With our target markets accounting for 68% of global
demand for polyolefin products in 2022 and 86% of the demand
The evolution of the automotive industry to hybrids and electric growth between 2022 and 2026, we expect this will generate
vehicles in these markets requires lighter materials, including 4.4% CAGR growth in sales of polyolefins in the same period.
polyolefins, to improve energy efficiencies.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 17

=== [AR2022.pdf p20] ===
MARKET REVIEW
CONTINUED
Robust industry environment with strong demand growth
TARGETING THE LARGEST AND FASTEST GROWING MARKETS
EXPECTED PO DEMAND GROWTH OVER 2022-2026 REGIONAL KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
(in mt/y) Industrialisation
΄ Acceleration of industrialisation in China, Southeast Asia and
85% 4.2% 1.5% the Indian subcontinent and subsequently rising demand for
13.8 polyolefins
16.0 ΄ Downstream and manufacturing industries development in the
12.8
of global PE 6 9 . . 4 6 2.5 GCC countries to diversify the economy from hydrocarbons
demand growth 3.2
0.0
expected to Investments in infrastructure
come from Asia PE Demand Growth ΄ Resumption of investment in infrastructure in China and India
and MEA Asia and MEA1 RoW2 CAGR 2022-2026 and in the GCC countries, both urban and rural areas
΄ Development of a broadband network in India’s rural areas
Urbanisation
΄ Increased migration to cities and subsequent urban
87% 4.5% 1.8% development in China, Southeast Asia, and the Indian
subcontinent
15.0 12.0 ΄ Significant construction and renovation of urban pipeline
1 1 0 2 . . 0 5 network in China
of global PP 5 7 . . 0 5 1.8
demand growth 2.5
0.0 Rising middle-class
expected to PP Demand Growth ΄ Higher spending power has further expanded the market for
come from Asia consumer goods in China, Southeast Asia, and the Indian
and MEA Asia and MEA1 RoW2 CAGR 2022-2026 subcontinent
Source: CMS
1 Middle East and Africa
2 Rest of the world
In the long term, we anticipate that growing Specifically, Borouge’s key markets in Asia
demand, strong macroeconomic fundamentals, Pacific are expected to continue being a net
new global trends, and the emergence of new polyolefins importer, as positive drivers such
applications will underpin solid growth in our as expanding infrastructure and the shift
product volumes. to renewable energy absorb much of the
additional product manufactured.
18 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p21] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Polyolefins outlook supported by growing demand, strong fundamentals
and high oil prices
Polyolefins growth supported by strong fundamentals PE PP
+3.3% +3.8%
Positive demand growth outlook driven by global
megatrends and new applications CAGR 2022-2026 CAGR 2022-2026
forecast forecast
2.2mt/y
76.7mt/y
Continued import demand growth from Asia as a key
(15.1mt for ISC)
economic growth engine globally 2022-2026 cumulative
2022-2026 cumulative
net import forecast
net import forecast
84%
82%
Strong market fundamentals as demand expected to
Average operating rates Average operating rates
absorb additional supply
over 2022-2026 over 2022-2026
forecast forecast
$85/bbl
High oil price environment supporting polyolefins product
prices and increasing production costs for competitors 2021-2022 average vs.
$58/bbl average over 2018-2020
Sources: CMA, Company information
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 19

=== [AR2022.pdf p22] ===
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Sustainable Value Creation
for our Stakeholders
Our business model differentiates Borouge in our sector and unlocks
sustainable value for all our stakeholders through the strength of our
people and commitment to continuous innovation.
Inputs Unlock sustainable value…
What we do
Operational scale We are a leading petrochemical company that provides creative
polyolefin solutions for a wide range of industries.
5.0mt/y polyolefin capacity
Young asset base Sustainability sits at the heart of our business
90% of capacity is less than
12 years old
Borstar® technology
powering innovation
People
Differentiated products
Social Responsibility
estimated 80% of total sales
Long-term feedstock
agreement
in place with ADNOC until 2057
Nearly 25 years
of experience
delivering exceptional Sustainability
shareholder returns
Trusted brand
to our customers, employees,
suppliers and partners
Profit Planet
Economic Environmental
Growth Stewardship
20 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p23] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
For all our
stakeholders…
How we make a difference
Our Shareholders
39% $975m
EXPERTISE Adjusted EBITDA 2022 Post-IPO
100+ scientists, researchers and technicians to margin cash dividend
drive innovation.
Our People
312,000
RESEARCH LABS
25 polymer research labs for analysis, processing Staff training hours
and application testing.
Our Customers
NEW PRODUCT INNOVATION
92%
More than 25% of Borouge’s annual sales volume is
derived from new product innovations. Asset reliability
Our Communities
PATENTS and Environment
Borouge has filed more than 1,000 patent applications.
657
Volunteer hours
ADDRESSING GLOBAL CHALLENGES
Our solutions are safe, durable, lightweight and are found on
applications which address global challenges, such as food
security, improved healthcare, access to energy, water and
sanitation. We are also growing our circular solutions and
innovation for differentiated sustainable solutions everyday.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 21

=== [AR2022.pdf p24] ===
OUR STRATEGY
A recognised leader
in creative polyolefins
that have a
solutions
positive impact on society
today and tomorrow.
Growing portfolio of
differentiating solutions
Growing circular
economy solutions
Value accretive capacity
expansion projects
Growth
Identity
Strong and cohesive
identity and culture
Corporate citizenship
and ESG commitment
Borouge branding
Excellence
HSE and operational excellence
Innovation excellence
Commercial excellence
22 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p25] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2022 PLANS FOR 2023 AND BEYOND
EXCELLENCE
HSE and ΄ HSE focus through site-led ΄ Launched our operational excellence ΄ Explore opportunities under our energy
operational improvement programmes programme focused on three key pillars: efficiency pillar (as part of our operational
excellence reflecting safety priorities (i) process safety and asset reliability, excellence programme) to integrate
΄ Emphasis on maintaining high (ii) energy efficiency, and (iii) cost renewable electricity in our operations
operational reliability while optimisation ΄ Maintain our track record in HSE and
growing production and capacity ΄ Evaluated shipping costs to ensure ESG indicators
΄ Operational and capex costs operational excellence to reduce costs
optimisation to drive attractive ΄ Conducted an in-depth exercise to
margins and shareholder returns determine the key priorities in ESG
΄ Strong ESG track record
Innovation ΄ Proprietary Borealis Borstar® ΄ Launched 10 new products through ΄ Establish modelling and simulation
excellence technology yields superior innovation pipeline competence, to aid polymer design,
product properties ΄ 26% of sales from new products application design, and testing
΄ Strong focus on innovation, ΄ Established Packaging Centre of ΄ Enhance value through our PCoE to
further complemented through Excellence (PCoE) in Abu Dhabi develop and commercialise circular
collaboration with Borealis ΄ Supported our Circular Economy Solutions packaging solutions
΄ Development of sustainable (CES) growth objectives ΄ Prioritise our partnership with Borealis,
solutions ΄ Partnered with Borealis in product and extend collaboration in other areas
development, focusing on areas such as like digitalisation
polymerisation
Commercial ΄ Provide high-value differentiated ΄ Infrastructure solutions accounted for 46% ΄ Continue agile tactical adjustment
excellence solutions across the largest and of sales revenue, with focus in durable and and dynamic balancing to address
fastest growing markets reliable pipe solutions, such as pressure market situation
΄ Leverage direct sales network to pipes for gas and water ΄ Improve Customer Experience through
build intelligence and tailor ΄ Created polyethylene and polypropylene digitalisation
products to meet customer packaging solutions for high-performance
demand applications
΄ Implement dynamic business ΄ Launched Borouge Commercial Academy
management to achieve optimal ΄ Rolled out Revenue Optimisation
margin realisation Programme to support margin growth
GROWTH
Growing ΄ Grow sales in Energy & ΄ Established our new fifth polypropylene unit ΄ Continuously enhance product portfolio in
portfolio of Infrastructure segment, driven by PP5, increasing polypropylene production differentiated segments
differentiating increase in pressure pipes capacity by 480kt/y, i.e. 25%
solutions ΄ Grow sales in Agriculture ΄ Increased infrastructure solutions sales to
segment maintain our market leadership
΄ Grow sales in specialised ΄ Increased agriculture product sales
PP copolymers and supported farmer communities in
΄ Ensure safe and smooth start-up key markets
of new assets
Growing ΄ Borouge Circular Economy ΄ Obtained the Global Recycled Standard ΄ Support Circular Economy Strategy and
circular Strategy and recycling certification for our work on recycled increase circular product sales to 20% of
economy roadmap development polyolefins consumer solutions by 2030
solutions ΄ Develop partnerships ΄ Increased partnership footprint to cover all ΄ Through Design for Recyclability (DfR)
and commercialisation of regions (APAC and MEA), and established initiative, increase innovative solutions via
recyclates offerings network of 12 recycling partners across product design
΄ Develop and promote recycling seven countries ΄ Develop partnerships in the MEA for
friendly design concepts and ΄ Continue our efforts to promote sustainable recyclates, specifically for waste material
increase sales of Borouge virgin design solutions, particularly for mono- from Borouge plants
material participation in such material polypropylene and polyethylene ΄ Continue to promote POTM outreach events
applications packaging
΄ Promote awareness through ΄ Conducted 13 Polymers on the Move
advocacy and communication (POTM) outreach events for students,
and participated in 17 external seminars
and exhibitions
΄ Published 29 success stories relating to
sustainable application development
Value ΄ Borouge 4 development aligned ΄ Borouge 4 was carved-out at the time ΄ Ensure project is on track and meeting HSE
accretive with Borouge 2030 Strategy of listing to mitigate construction risk standards
capacity ΄ Increase total polymer production for investors
e p x ro p j a e n c s ts ion from 5.0 mt/y to 6.4mt/y ΄ Borouge 4’s engineering procurement and
construction phase (EPC) is ongoing, and
project is on track to be completed as
scheduled in 2025
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 23

=== [AR2022.pdf p26] ===
OUR STRATEGY
CONTINUED
THEMES DESCRIPTION WHAT WE DID IN 2022 PLANS FOR 2023 AND BEYOND
IDENTITY
Strong and ΄ Performance-driven culture with ΄ Borouge Talent Acquisition team made ΄ Boost momentum of value-added initiatives
cohesive continuous development of significant efforts in the area of youth talent by launching the Tamkeen programme in
identity and workforce productivity development and was recognised with an 2023 (integrating diverse internal initiatives
culture ΄ Key contributor to national talent ADNOC internship award such as Accelerate 100X, future-proofing,
development initiatives ΄ Borouge won Overall HR Excellence Award people-first culture and positive disruption
2022, Best HR Team (Gold), Excellence in into the ADNOC-based Youth Development
Leadership Development (Gold), and Programme (YDP))
Excellence in Talent Management (Gold) in ΄ Launch new programme to strengthen
Asia Pacific leaders’ engagement, and collaboration
΄ Borouge’s technical Academy conducted ΄ Establish female engineer talent
17 sessions with 521 participants mobility programme
΄ Established a council which identified skills ΄ Establish Aspiring Ladies Programme
gaps and created development designed to enhance behavioural skills
programmes to support upskilling of ΄ Increase awareness about performance
employees and rewards by engaging employees
and line managers
Corporate ΄ Continue to collaborate with ΄ Ran several CSR programmes, impacting ΄ Continue progressing the RESP
citizenship communities and employees to more than 4,800 people in the regions we ΄ Launch 2023 ESG strategy
and ESG strengthen our relationships, operate ΄ Increase our community engagement
commitment accountability, and reputation ΄ Opened dialogue with the community about programmes focused on boosting outreach
΄ Strong history of supporting our the value of plastics and the importance of and greater positive impact
local communities and fostering circularity ΄ Continue to explore the technology
long-term and mutually beneficial ΄ Borouge employees provided more than landscape and potential opportunities for
partnerships and social initiatives 830 hours of volunteering in a wide range of further decarbonisation
programmes
΄ Committed to the Al Ruways Environmental
Sustainability Programme (RESP), a
multi-year environmental programme, which
aims to enhance the sustainability of
operations by reducing flaring, emissions,
waste generation, water and energy
consumption
Borouge ΄ Recognised leader for innovative ΄ Launch of brand profiling campaign to ΄ Continue to work on our branding strategy
branding polyolefins solutions boost awareness about Borouge and strengthen the brand vis-a-vis our
΄ Drive the plastic industry ΄ Worked closely with industry as part customers and key segments in which we
transition and enhance of expanding scope of work as a operate
sustainability publicly listed company ΄ Launch integrated campaign celebrating
΄ Participated in local and global industry Borouge’s silver jubilee
events to reinforce positioning as a global ΄ Launch our 2022 sustainability report
petrochemical leader ΄ Re-launch English and Arabic websites
΄ Established financial communications and
social media strategy to strengthen
involvement and improve targeting of
strategic audience
24 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p27] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION
–
Circular economy
Recycling Partnerships
Borouge has 12 partnerships with leading recycling companies in seven
countries serving its customers across the Middle East and Asia Pacific markets.
Establishing recycling partnerships The partnerships allow Borouge to Obtaining the Global Recycled Standard
underlines Borouge’s ongoing expand its offering of recycled products to (GRS) certification
commitment to the circular economy meet increasing demand for sustainable Borouge has also obtained the Global
These partnerships reflect Borouge’s polyolefin solutions Recycled Standard (GRS) certification to
commitment to making a positive impact The mechanically recycled polyolefins, trade recycled polyolefins. The GRS is a
on society by being able to offer recycled sourced through these partnerships, are third-party certification of recycled content
products, complementing its efforts to put through Borouge’s stringent trials and and chain of custody, providing assurance
support customers and collaborate with qualifications in the Packaging Centre of to customers on the authenticity and quality
value chain partners to produce sustainably Excellence in Abu Dhabi to ensure suitability of recycled polyolefins.
and efficiently. and compatibility for various applications.
These recycled polyolefins can be used
Borouge has set ambitious targets to cater on their own or blended with other grades,
to the increasing demand from the industry including Borouge’s prime Borstar® and
for sustainable solutions. To this end, we are Anteo™ polyolefin grades, to produce high
designing and developing consumer and performance solutions. Target applications
infrastructure solutions in the Borouge include consumer bottles and caps,
Innovation Centre in Abu Dhabi. Borouge is industrial packaging, collation shrink,
also working to develop a robust eco-system transport packaging, thin wall molding,
to drive and advocate for sustainable houseware, and home appliances.
recycling capabilities.
Circular Economy Solutions (CES) have
been a key focus at Borouge in recent years,
and 2021 marked one of our most significant
milestones when we made our first
commercial sale of recycled polyolefins
in October 2021.
Borouge’s first commercial sale of recyclates in China
Borouge is also working
to develop a robust
eco-system to drive and
advocate for sustainable
recycling capabilities.”
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 25

=== [AR2022.pdf p28] ===
OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION
CONTINUED
– Borouge 4
Growth
Breaking ground of Borouge 4 plant, making Borouge the world’s
largest single-site polyolefin complex.
In February 2022, His Highness Sheikh Borouge 4 will also include building excellence and ambitious future growth
Hamdan bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the Ruler’s Borouge’s second cross-linked polyethylene and is a testament to Borouge’s capability
Representative in Al Dhafra Region, (XLPE2) unit which will double the Company’s to successfully execute a world-scale
witnessed the breaking ground ceremony annual production of XLPE compounds that complex and large project, together with its
of the USD 6.2 billion (AED 22 billion) are critical for energy and mobility sectors. majority shareholders ADNOC and Borealis.
Borouge 4 facility at the Company’s
polyolefin manufacturing complex in Borouge 4 to boost total production Borouge 4 to supply feedstock to
Al Ruways Industrial City, Abu Dhabi. capacity to 6.4mt/y in 2025 TA’ZIZ Industrial Chemicals Zone
Scheduled to be operational by the end supporting UAE industrial growth
Borouge 4 was carved out from Borouge Plc of 2025, the plant will produce 1.4 million Borouge 4 will play a significant role in
prior to the IPO and is intended to be tonnes of polyethylene annually, boosting meeting the projected growth of customers’
re-contributed into Borouge by the end the Company’s total annual polyolefin demand for polyolefins in the Middle East,
of 2025. production to 6.4 million tonnes per year Africa and Asia Pacific. It will also provide
and making Borouge the world’s largest critical feedstock that will enable the TA’ZIZ
Managed by Borouge on behalf of the single-site polyolefin complex. Industrial Chemicals Zone in Al Ruways,
project owners, ADNOC and Borealis, to enhance local industrial supply chains
the Borouge 4 project will utilise the third The major construction works of the and boost In-Country Value opportunities.
generation of Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® Borouge 4 project started in July 2022 with The project marks a major milestone
technology, to produce a product portfolio more than 25% of the total materials and in ADNOC’s downstream and industry
focused on durable applications for energy, equipment of the complex to be made expansion and will play a significant role in
infrastructure, sustainable packaging, in the UAE. The project underscores boosting the UAE’s economic diversification,
and agriculture sectors. Borouge’s commitment to operational in line with the Leadership’s directives.
Borouge 4 cornerstone
Scheduled to be
operational by the end
of 2025, the plant will
produce 1.4 million tonnes
per year of polyethylene,
boosting the Company’s
total annual polyolefin
production to 6.4 million
tonnes per year and making
Borouge the world’s
largest single-site
polyolefin complex.”
26 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p29] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
– PP5
Growth
Borouge’s fifth polypropylene unit supports its strategic growth
and meets growing global demand for readily recyclable material.
Borouge started-up its fifth polypropylene solutions, especially in the packaging and
unit (PP5) in Al Ruways Industrial City in infrastructure sectors across our key markets
Abu Dhabi in February 2022, boosting the in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Africa.
Borouge’s PP5 project UAE’s production of polypropylene.
PP5 helps customers meet their circular
has successfully
A new milestone in Borouge’s 2030 economy commitments and drive total
achieved an In-Country growth journey cost benefits
PP5 is another successful milestone in the PP5 will strengthen Borouge’s offering of
Value score of more than ongoing journey to achieve Borouge’s 2030 sustainable, innovative, and differentiated
growth strategy and support the downstream products to meet emerging demand.
60%, indicating the level
activities enabling the UAE’s long-term
of sourcing from UAE industrial growth and economic Polypropylene will be used by customers
diversification. and value chain partners to manufacture
companies and made in
recyclable packaging and to create pipes
the UAE content. All steel The additional 480,000 tonnes per year that are strong, durable and lightweight,
produced by the new unit increases Borouge’s for the infrastructure sector.
structures, piping and polypropylene production capacity by more
than 25% to 2.24 million tonnes per year, and PP5 enabled Borouge to provide solutions
fittings were procured
its total polymer capacity of polyolefins by 10% that drive total cost benefits for customers
in-country.” from 4.5 to 5 million tonnes per year. PP5 has by leveraging Borstar® technology to deliver
enabled Borouge to meet its customers’ unparalleled cycle time improvements,
increasing demand for polypropylene reduced warpage, and energy efficiency.
PP5 supports UAE In-Country Value
programme and ‘Make it in the Emirates’
PP5 unit
initiative
Borouge’s PP5 project has successfully
achieved an In-Country Value score of more
than 60%, indicating the level of sourcing
from UAE companies and made in the UAE
content. All steel structures, piping and
fittings were procured in-country. A total of
30% of all installed equipment, was made in
the UAE and all subcontract services were
sourced from the local market. PP5 also
enables Borouge to play a role in achieving
sustainable economic development in the
UAE and unlocking new opportunities to
‘Make it in the Emirates’.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 27

=== [AR2022.pdf p30] ===
OUR VALUE CHAIN
A world leading
polyolefins player
– end-to-end
value chain presence
FEEDSTOCK FROM ADNOC OLEFINS PRODUCTION POLYOLEFINS PRODUCTION
COMPOUNDING
Secure competitive feedstock Optimise monomer production Maximise output of polymers Produce value-added
from ADNOC via safe and efficient operation of based on business plan and automotive-focused PP
world-scale crackers prevailing market conditions compounds in China
Secure supply of raw materials Differentiation at scale based on
through competitive procurement asset optimisation and
technology
Manage asset integrity for long-term productivity
Manage and store inbound raw Apply digitalisation and adopt latest technologies in production and maintenance
materials dynamically
Supporting TA’ZIZ development Explore and plan new Design materials underpinning
through raw material supply polymerisation units for portfolio future of automotive applications
future-proofing at Shanghai Application Centre
Deploying energy efficiency initiatives and develop low carbon operations
Monitor and minimise operational impact to the environment and biodiversity
Production
Innovation
Sustainability and HSE
28 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p31] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge’s extensive footprint across the entire polyolefins value
chain allows us to adopt a ‘system developer’ approach. With
innovation and sustainability initiatives anchoring end-to-end
production and marketing activities, Borouge is poised to remain
an agile player and a responsible corporate citizen in the constantly
evolving market landscape.
SALES AND MARKETING DISTRIBUTION
RECYCLING
Maintain productive and value-laden Design and operate a resilient supply chain Establish and coordinate a network of local
customer experience in all Borouge regions network with service partners recycling partners to provide recyclate
solutions
Engage with industry value chain partners Manage order-to-cash process for a Evaluate various mechanical recycling and
via a coordinated approach seamless customer experience chemical recycling technologies for Borouge
circular roadmap implementation
Improve and update commercial skillset via Champion supply chain transformation Develop Design for Recycling (DfR)
structured in-class and on-the-job training through network design and digitialisation solutions to enable recycling uptake
Co-develop future products in regular Ensure zero pellet loss in our distribution Conduct education and advocacy
customer workshops campaigns on plastics circularity
Provide safe, durable, reusable, differentiated value-added products to society Foster prevention of waste leakage through
CSR projects (e.g. Project STOP)
Marketing
Innovation
Sustainability and HSE
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 29

=== [AR2022.pdf p32] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW
Production
One of the key milestones
we achieved in 2022
was the successful and
safe start-up of our fifth
polypropylene unit (PP5)
in Al Ruways Industrial City.
This unit will boost our
annual polyolefins capacity
to meet the growing global
demand for our innovative
polypropylene solutions.
At Borouge, we operate a
young and well-maintained
asset base with limited
maintenance capital
expenditure levels which
further enhances our
production capacity.
We remain committed
to operational and
commercial excellence,
with a detailed efficiency
enhancement strategy
focused on safety, plant
reliability and integrity,
and cash flow optimisation.”
LOUIS DESAL
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
30 Borouge Annual Report 2023

=== [AR2022.pdf p33] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
In 2022, the Borouge team continued to focus on safe and reliable operations
while maximising production, from our world-class modern and young asset base.
We secured the highest product quality while introducing a significant volume of
new advanced and diversified grades. We delivered robust performance, with a
9% increase in production volume, high utilisation, and a new capacity benchmark
with the successful PP5 start-up in quarter one.
Our petrochemical production site is a fully integrated production With the start-up of PP5 in quarter one, the complex has a total
complex in Al Ruways, which consists of multiple integrated polyolefins capacity of 5.0mt/y (approximately 2.8mt/y of polyethylene
operating units. Launched in 2001, the Borouge complex in and approximately 2.2mt/y of polypropylene by end 2022), as illustrated
Al Ruways consists of our original plant (Borouge 1), followed by four in the graph below. Additionally, Borouge also owns and operates
expansions (Borouge 1 expansion, Borouge 2, Borouge 3 and PP5). a Compounding Manufacturing Plant (CMP) in Shanghai, with a
Over the past two decades, Borouge has increased its production production capacity of approximately 90kt/y, focusing on advanced
capacity of polyolefins tenfold. polypropylene-based compounds for automotive applications.
PRODUCTION CAPACITY (ANNUAL) ASSET RELIABILTY
B4
92%
(6.4mt)
2022 overall run-rate1
PP5
>
10x
increase
(4
B
.5
3
mt)
(5.0mt)
EXPANSION TRACK RECORD
Expansion On time On budget
B2
(2.0mt) B1  
B2  
B1
Expansion B3  
B1
(600kt)
(450kt) PP5  
2001 2005 2010 2015 2022 2025
completed in execution
Source: Company information
Developed and
1 Calculated as Total Available Hours (8,760 hours p.a.) reduced by funded separately by
the hours of non-availability divided by total available hours ADNOC and Borealis
Borouge 1 Borouge 2 Borouge 3 PP5
Production capacity (annual) PE 1 300kt PE 3 700kt PE 4 540kt PP 5 480kt
PE 2 320kt PP 1 400kt PE 5 540kt
PP 2 400kt PP 3 480kt
PP 4 470kt
LDPE 350kt
XLPE 1 80kt
Total production capacity (annual) PE 620kt PE 700kt PE 1,510kt
PP 800kt PP 950kt PP 480kt
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 31

=== [AR2022.pdf p34] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – PRODUCTION
CONTINUED
In 2022, our total polyolefin production volume increased by 9% to BOROUGE 2
4.8mt/y supported by increased capacity from PP5 ramp-up and Borouge 2 encompasses an ethylene plant with a capacity of
strong asset utilisation rates, particularly in the fourth quarter (close 1,490kt/y, an olefins conversion unit producing 750kt/y of propylene
to 100% utilisation). and 39kt/y of butene-1, an additional swing bimodal high-density
polyethylene and linear low density polyethylene unit with a capacity
Our plants are young, well-maintained and highly reliable. 90% of our of 700kt/y using Borstar® technology and two polypropylene units
capacity is less than 12 years old and runs year-round with limited to each with a capacity of 400kt/y using Borstar® technology.
no downtime. In 2022, we reached an overall asset reliability run-rate
of 92% and achieved a record quality performance measured as FTR BOROUGE 3 AND PP5
(first time right production) rate of 97%. Borouge 3 encompasses an ethylene plant with a capacity of
1,480kt/y, a butene-1 plant with a capacity of 28kt/y, two linear
We make regular investments to keep our assets highly reliable and low-density polyethylene and high-density polyethylene plants with
our plant turnarounds are scheduled with a five-yearly cycle. In 2022, capacity of 540kt/y each, two Borstar® polypropylene plants with
we had a successful turnaround of Borouge 1 which was completed a capacity of 480kt/y and 470kt/y respectively, a low-density
in the first quarter. The next turnarounds of Borouge 2 and Borouge 3 polyethylene unit with capacity of 350kt/y and a cross-linked
are scheduled for 2023 and 2024, respectively. polyethylene unit with a capacity of 80kt/y.
BOROUGE 1 As of 31 December 2022, Borouge 3 now also encompasses
Borouge 1 encompasses an ethylene plant with capacity of 620kt/y, our PP5 plant, which started-up in the first quarter of 2022, with a
a butene-1 plant with a capacity of 28kt/y and two swing bimodal capacity of 480kt/y, increasing polypropylene production capacity
high-density polyethylene and linear low density polyethylene units to 2.2mt/y and total polyolefins production capacity to 5.0mt/y.
with a capacity of 225kt/y each using Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® The PP5 expansion enables Borouge to meet customers’ demand
technology, which were later expanded to an aggregate capacity for polypropylene solutions across key target markets in the
of 620kt/y in 2005. Middle East, Asia Pacific and Africa.
FULLY INTEGRATED PRODUCTION COMPLEX
~5.0mt/y annual capacity
3,600kt/y Capacity
High Density Polyethylene/
Linear Low Density Polyethylene
ADNOC
Gas Processing Cracker 1
Cross-linked Polyethylene
Ethane
Cracker 2
Low Density Polyethylene
Cracker 3
2,750kt/y capacity
Ethylene
Propylene
Olefins
Conversion Unit
ADNOC
Refining 750kt/y Capacity
Polypropylene
Propylene
2,230kt/y capacity
32 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p35] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
By delivering the expansion project on-time and on-budget, which FEEDSTOCK FOR AL RUWAYS COMPLEX
reinforces our reputation for operational excellence, we have further Our feedstock contracts are priced competitively and run for a
strengthened Borouge’s offering of sustainable, innovative and long-term, and our feedstock supplier is also our major shareholder
differentiated solutions. Furthermore, PP5 achieved a 61% ICV score thereby ensuring security of supply.
and a total of 30% of all installed equipment is made in the UAE.
Ethane Propylene
BOROUGE 4 Supplier ADNOC Gas Processing ~50% from ADNOC
Borouge 4 is designed to encompass an ethylene plant with a Refining and ~50% from
capacity of 1,500kt/y, a hexene-1 plant with a capacity of 75kt/y, internal Borouge sources
two high-density and linear low-density polyethylene plants each
with a capacity of 700kt/y, and a cross-linked polyethylene unit with Volume No minimum off-take, no contractual cap
a capacity of 100kt/y. Borouge 4 was carved out from Borouge Plc Contract Contracts entered in October 1998, with
prior to the IPO and is intended to be re-contributed into Borouge start date amendments to reflect the additional volume
by the end of 2025 and will increase our total production capacity to requirements
6.4 million tonnes per year. The Borouge 4 project is being fully
Contract Current Feedstock Supply Agreement until 2057,
managed by Borouge on behalf of the project owners, ADNOC
end date includes a re-pricing mechanism due to take effect
and Borealis.
in late November 2027, (pricing mechanism due to
be reviewed again in June 2045)
Source: Company information
PP5 – A KEY STRATEGIC PROJECT
Towards a brighter and more sustainable tomorrow
Additional PP capacity of 480kt/y, increasing
Plant view from south end total polyolefins capacity to 5.0mt/y
Key products for new consumer and
infrastructure applications
Solutions with improved recyclability
design to enable a circular economy
Identity Growth
Driving Emiratisation
with a focus on value creation
30% of equipment
made in the UAE
High performance teams
delivered in challenging times
Excellence
24+ million safe man-hours during
project execution
On-time and on-budget project delivery
Designed to deliver differentiated
products at scale Plant view from north end
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 33

=== [AR2022.pdf p36] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – PRODUCTION
CONTINUED
Record-breaking production volumes Continuing to ensure operational excellence
2022 was a turnaround year for the Borouge 1 complex. Our asset base Borouge’s operational excellence programme seeks to further
achieved the highest ever annual production volume in a turnaround year enhance efficiency and productivity by focusing on three key pillars:
and highest ever production for our individual crackers EU2 and EU3. This
was driven by our best ever overall reliability, as part of continuous Process safety and asset Energy efficiency Cost optimisation
reliability
improvements and pushing our production limits further.
The process safety The energy efficiency The cost optimisation
and asset reliability pillar encompasses pillar encompasses
For Polyolefins, we achieved the highest ever annual production of
pillar encompasses energy efficient capital deployment
Borstar®, both for polypropylene, boosted by the PP5 expansion,
site-led improvement designs, an optimisation (i.e.,
and for polyethylene Borstar®. Several production units established
programmes immediate focus on optimising capital
new monthly records.
(reflecting site- operational expenditure and
specific process excellence supported strictly reviewing
We also achieved the highest ever annual production volume in PE3,
safety and reliability by industry-leading controllable costs), a
exceeding the new design name plate capacity by more than 10% in
priorities), the monitoring tools, and central procurement
the first full year of production since the revamp project, which was
reliability programme the identification and strategy and sharing
executed in 2021.
(focusing on the pursuit of further of best practices.
identification and efficiencies through
In addition, during the Borouge 1 turnaround executed in
elimination of risks select value accretive
2022, several other projects were executed, which drove further
proactively as well as investments.
operational performance improvements and secured safe operation
on lessons learned)
over the next cycle.
and on design for
asset integrity and
reliability.
34 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p37] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our operational excellence programme, leverages existing expertise In the area of process there was one Tier 1 incident, which resulted
across our platforms to share best practices, provide in-house in loss of primary containment. While the incident caused a longer
technical support and cooperate with committees to implement unplanned stoppage of the unit, mitigating actions that functioned as
preventative and predictive programmes, including assessment of per design prevented further significant impact to people and assets.
end-of-life for equipment and associated systems.
Through the adoption of international best practice frameworks
It aims to achieve consistently higher utilisation rates, reduce energy and continuous learning, Borouge has developed a comprehensive
consumption and in turn reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions health and safety management system. We are certified to ISO
over the medium term (consistent with our emissions reduction target). 45001:2018, ISO 14001:2015, and RC14001 standards, and undergo
It also seeks to optimise outside resourcing and maintenance costs by independent audits every three years. No major non-conformities
challenging capital expenditure plans, including turnarounds to improve were found during the last audit in 2020.
efficiencies and to keep low maintenance capital expenditure levels.
Production in 2023
Product differentiation and quality
In the year ahead, our production operations will develop and
We achieve significant economies of scale as we operate one of the implement various strategic initiatives and priority projects to prepare
largest single-site polyolefins integrated complexes globally. Further, for our future growth.
Borealis proprietary Borstar® technology enables differentiation at
scale, substantiating our competitive advantage with high asset During quarter one of 2023, we have a scheduled turnaround in all
reliability and first-time-right production while maintaining superior assets of Borouge 2, during which all necessary inspections, preventive
quality. As a result, we are both dynamic with our assets and flexible maintenance and reliability and energy improvement-driven projects
in our operations, thus fulfilling highest levels of customer will be implemented. During this scheduled turnaround, key tie-ins
expectations. related to the Borouge 4 project will also be implemented.
Among other prioritised projects and studies planned for 2023,
Prioritising Health, Safety and the
we are focusing on key milestones related to operational readiness
Environment (HSE) for Borouge 4, enhancement of internal butene-1 availability and
waste and water management improvements. We will continue to
We foster a culture of zero harm at our production complex and
prioritise minimising our carbon footprint as part of our Energy
across all our departments, as part of our commitment to provide a
Roadmap 2030.
safe and healthy working environment. Our 100% HSE strategy
focuses on HSE leadership from our employees as well as our
contractor partners. Our safety programmes are designed to meet
the highest international and industry standards to minimise potential
risks to people, communities and assets.
We regularly train our employees to implement the industry’s safest
practices. We have one of the lowest total recordable injury rates
in the industry, with a current rate of 0.24 injuries per million hours
worked. We also averaged a lost time injury rate of 0.06 between
2007 and 2021, and 0.09 in 2022, which is in line with industry
best-in-class. There was one incident in 2022 that resulted in three
injuries. In addition, we had one case of medical treatment and
another case of injury. None of these incidents resulted in any
long-term consequences.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 35

=== [AR2022.pdf p38] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW
Sales and
We market our
Marketing
differentiated products in
over 50 countries across
the Middle East, Asia
Pacific and Africa. We see
continued strong demand
in our core markets
compared to other global
markets and remain
optimistic of our leading
position, our ability to drive
value and quality for
customers, and to deliver
attractive returns to our
shareholders.”
RAINER HOEFLING
CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER
36 Borouge Annual Report 2023

=== [AR2022.pdf p39] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge maintained momentum towards a more diversified and
sustainable offering by launching new products and adding recycled
polyolefins to our portfolio, while continuing to deliver growth in our
core differentiated business and achieving our highest-ever overall
annual sales volumes.
In 2022, Borouge continued to deliver while launching new and innovative products engagement with customers, the sales team
differentiated products to our customers, in a range of sectors, including agriculture, was able to sell out the products from the
focusing on more durable applications, energy and mobility. expanded capacity with the desirable value.
infrastructure and circular economy solutions.
As a result, we continued to achieve attractive We also took a major step towards the circular
Through our best-in-class, global Sales and consistent price premia across our economy by introducing recycled polyolefins
and Marketing operations, we achieved a portfolio, over industry benchmark prices. into our portfolio. We can now offer virgin
significant increase in pipe sales by polyolefins from Al Ruways and recycled
continuing to work closely with our customers Our PP5 expansion came online in early products through our partners across our
and innovating to adapt to their requirements, 2022 and ramped up production throughout geographical footprint.
the year. Through close and continuous
Segmental Volumes Split (2022, 5.1mt)
5% 5% 8%
6%
50%
Product 28% End
Geography
group Markets
42%
42%
53% 61%
Polyethylene (PE) Asia Pacific (APAC) Consumer Solutions
Polypropylene (PP) Middle East and Africa (MEA) Infrastructure Solutions
Ethylene and others Rest of the World (RoW) Other1
Ethylene and others
1 Consists of mobility and ethylene and others
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 37

=== [AR2022.pdf p40] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – SALES AND MARKETING
CONTINUED
Differentiated products
Polyethylene
yielding premium prices 2020 2021 2022
$/tonne $/tonne $/tonne
We define differentiated products as those Borouge PE 981 1,421 1,318
having high technical performance, high average
barriers to entry, high premium (consisting realised price1 $200/
of at least $100 per tonne above the relevant
PE product 859 1,087 1,007 tonne
benchmark) and high growth
benchmark2
market opportunity. Over-the-cycle
Borouge PE 122 334 311 premia guidance
Based on the above, we estimate that premium to
approximately 80% of our polyolefin benchmark
products are differentiated. This has been
achieved through our integrated go-to market
approach driving customer value-add, Polypropylene
our use of the Borstar® technology (which
2020 2021 2022
comprises advanced processability and
$/tonne $/tonne $/tonne
mechanical properties with a high degree
of recyclability) and our continual striving Borouge PP 1,004 1,313 1,222
for innovation through the development average
of new product grades and applications. realised price1 $140/
PP product 907 1,166 1,014 tonne
The tables opposite set out the polyolefin benchmark2
realised prices relative to polyethylene and Over-the-cycle
polypropylene benchmarks for the three-year Borouge PP 97 147 208 premia guidance
period from 2020 to 2022 and our over-the- premium to
cycle premia guidance. benchmark
1 Average sales price, equal to gross revenue over sales volume i.e. including commissions
2 Benchmark prices represent HDPE Blow Molding NEA CFR and PP Raffia NEA CFR prices as per IHS Markit data
A fully integrated global player
With the Sales and Marketing headquarters in markets. With over 250 customer-facing with the remaining 11% of our sale volumes
Singapore, our extensive sales and marketing employees across 12 offices, we generate being sold across the rest of the world, largely
footprint, complemented by strong supply chain approximately 85% of our sales volumes via through our distributorship agreement with
infrastructure, is championed by capable and direct sales channels. Borealis, under which our products are sold in
committed professionals across key markets Europe, the Commonwealth, and West and
such as China, Egypt, India, Japan, and Our polymer products are mainly sold across North Africa.
Southeast Asia. We have built a strong local Asia Pacific (representing 61% of our sale
network of marketing, sales and customer volumes) and the Middle East and Africa
technical service points across the Borouge (representing 28% of our sales volumes),
EXTENSIVE DIRECT CUSTOMER COVERAGE THROUGH STRATEGICALLY LOCATED MARKETING
OFFICES AND LOGISTICS HUBS
Focus on growth markets:
APAC and MEA account for 61%
and 28% of sales volumes
in 2022, respectively
Extensive direct sales network
Direct access to
covering ~85% of
markets
sales volumes
Operational partnerships
with Khalifa Port in Abu Dhabi
and 11 other logistic hubs
in target markets Sales, marketing, representative offices
Logistics hubs
38 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p41] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Integrated go-to-market approach
Our multi-dimensional approach drives customer loyalty and brand recognition
Innovation-led Partnership approach Extensive direct sales Professional technical
customer solutions across value chain network and intelligence services
High customer Strong industry Reinforces branding
loyalty recognition and identity
We serve approximately 3,000 customers in the consumer In addition, we sell our products to customers in the mobility,
solutions segment, which include sustainable packaging, healthcare and renewable energy industries. Our customer base is
mono-material solutions and greenhouse films, as well as in the diverse in terms of end-use markets as well as geographical location.
infrastructure solutions segment, which includes pipes systems This allows us to adapt to focus on differentiated and innovative
and energy solutions. solutions for customers in applications with high growth.
HIGH QUALITY COMPOUNDING MANUFACTURING PLANT SUPPORTED BY R&D CAPABILITIES SERVING THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
Compounding Manufacturing Plant Application Centre
΄ Inaugurated in 2010 and based in Shanghai, China, ΄ Application Centre based in Shanghai, collaborating
with a capacity of 50kt/y of compounded with Borouge’s Abu Dhabi Innovation Centre and local
polypropylene resins chain partners
΄ Expanded to 90kt/y in 2015 with plans for future ΄ Focused on developing high quality compounds for
production expansion mobility applications
΄ Compounds resins with a focus on automotive ΄ Provides testing support for automotive customers
applications and serving customers in mainly in with eight laboratories and more than 200 advanced
North-East Asia with a portfolio of customised instruments for new product development
solutions
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 39

=== [AR2022.pdf p42] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – SALES AND MARKETING
CONTINUED
Contributing to a Circular Economy
Borouge has committed to exploring and
driving opportunities toward a circular
Feedstock
economy. As a responsible company, we
R e d u e c c
e
y cl o e v er O le
b
c b i y
e
rc
l
g
ie
u o
v
la v
e
r e
t
r e
h
n c
a
m o
t
n e
a
o n
c
m t
h
s
i
, y
e
i
v
n re
i
d
n
q
g
u u s
a
i t r r e i
z
e s
e
s
r
c ,
o
o c
w
n o c
a
n e
s
s r
t
u
e
te m
p
d e
l a
a rs
s
c
t
t
i
i
c
o
s
n
R
e
c fin and society.
R s
We strongly advocate for the reuse of plastic
products and recycling of post-consumer
plastic waste into second-generation
products. In 2022, we continued to provide
C
Circular
P
a
s
a
o
c
n
l
t
d
u
iv
t
f
i
i
u
t
o
ie
r
n
t
s
s
h e
i
t
n
h
r
a
t
d
h
t
e
e
f
v
a
e
p
c
l
a
i
o
li
c
t
p
a
k
t
d
a
e
g
e
u
i
s
n
p
ig
g
ti
n
c
e
-
k
n
fo
d
in
r -
m
r
r
e
e
a
c
c
r
y
y
k
c
c
e
l
l
i
t
i
n
.
n
g
S
g
u
(D
ch
fR )
o Economy o DfR solutions embed a conscious view on
n yl
s
u
m
e
nif
el
o e
a
m
n
n
a
d
d
te
-
i
o
n
ri
f
a
t
-
e
l
l
i
n
f
r
e
e
d
c
e
tr
o
d
e
v
a
u
e
t
s
m
ry
e
e
,
s
t
n
h
t
t
h
u
,
a
a
s
t
n
r
a
e
d
l
d
l o
h
u
w
a
c
v
i
f
e
n
o
g
r
p
c
r
th
o
lo
e
p
s
i
e
r
e
r
d
tie
-l
s
o o p
rs s
propensity to become waste.
We have achieved our ambition to add
E nd
U sers Con
verters
r
T
r
o
r
e
e
e
f
h
u
d
c
p
e
y
s
u
r
r
c
e
e
o
c
l
f
d
e
a
a
o
u
t
n
r
m
e
e
c
d
s
,
a
t s
r
w
a
t
e
e
,
s
e
p
c
r i
p
y
a
r
a
o
c
l
a
r
m
e
l
u
r
in
t
s
o
d
g
o
e
t
e
f
e
,
,
v
o
a
e
n
e
u
n
n
e
l
r
o
d
h
w
p
p
a
e
n
i
r
d
n
n
o
c
e
g
c
d
e
s
o
u
n
i
t
u
g
c
h
e
r
n
t
w
e
a
s
p
g
d
w
o
t
e
h
u
r
a
t
a
r
t
f
y
a
h
o
t
s
b
e
l
e
i
i
o
t
n
l
u
o
i
.
t
a
s
y
b
e
le
of recyclates where possible across our
value chain.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CIRCULARITY
΄ Borouge supports the recent UN Environment Assembly draft resolution to end plastic pollution (UNEA 5.2)
΄ Plastic products can contribute to achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals when they are sustainably produced,
used and recovered in a circular economy
BOROUGE IS FOCUSED ON ACHIEVING THE AMBITIONS OF UNEA 5.2 THROUGH THE FOLLOWING ACTIVITIES
AND SPECIFIC TARGETS
Durable products Recycled content
΄ Over 40% of our overall sales serve ΄ Target 20% consumer solution
more sustainable industrial sales that support a Circular
applications Economy by 2030
΄ An additional 1mt/y capacity for
durable products by 2030
Product recyclability Eliminate leakage
΄ Increasing innovations in product ΄ Borouge global zero pellet loss
design with fully recyclable programme
mono-material solutions enabled ΄ Strategic partner of Project STOP –
by our Anteo™ packaging solutions a frontline action group to develop
circular and sustainable waste
management models in Southeast Asia
where there is a high leakage rate
40 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p43] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
GLOBAL RECYCLE STANDARD CERTIFICATION
The Global Recycle Standard (GRS) certification for trading was Other objectives of the GRS include reducing harmful impact of
issued to Borouge for its role as a distributor of mechanically recycled production on people and the environment, providing assurance
polyolefins for Borouge Pte and Borouge Shanghai Sales and that products are processed more sustainably, and driving higher
Marketing. GRS is an international, voluntary, full-product standard percentages of recycled content in products.
that sets requirements for third-party certification of recycled content
and chain of custody. It also verifies responsible social and The GRS certification solidifies Borouge’s stance towards providing
environmental processing requirements and chemical restrictions. sustainable polymer solutions, providing assurance to our customers
on the authenticity and quality of our recycled polyolefins through an
GRS aims to provide consumers, both brand owners and end users, auditable process in the recycling distribution business.
with a tool to make informed decisions about recycled products.
Borouge Products in Action
Our diverse portfolio of innovative products are used around the
world on some of the most high-profile and technically challenging
projects, including:
Dubai’s Museum of the Future
The Borouge team worked with Ducab to specify and supply
applications such as Visico™ LE4423 low voltage energy cables
and Borlink™ LS4201R XLPE cables, among others, to meet the
energy requirements of Dubai’s Museum of the Future.
The Museum of the Future is an exhibition space for innovative
and futuristic ideologies, services, and products. The museum
is powered by 4,000 megawatts of solar energy produced by a
station connected to the building in collaboration with the Dubai
Electricity and Water Authority.
We also contributed to the infrastructure of the museum. Our
product enabled supply of portable water to a smart irrigation
system that uses a sub-surface mat that delivers water directly
to the root system via a targeted and efficient approach.
We are proud to have contributed to the Museum of the Future,
a place that symbolises tolerance, inviting various cultural,
philosophical, social, and spiritual outlooks. It serves as an
avenue to explore the challenges and opportunities shaping
our times and finding solutions for a better future.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 41

=== [AR2022.pdf p44] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – SALES AND MARKETING
CONTINUED
Borouge Products in Action
Dubai Expo 2020 Jaipur Greenhouse Project in India
Borouge and Ducab collaborated to produce and supply Dubai Borouge and our value chain partners collaborated on the Jaipur
Expo 2020 with 90% of its cable requirements. Borouge also Greenhouse project with materials that cover 3 million square metres
supplied Union Pipes Industry (UPI) the raw materials required of greenhouses. The partners included Synthetic Packers Private
to produce the three parallel sea outfall pipelines of 2,000mm Limited, which produced the films using Borouge solutions, and
high-density polyethylene for the Dubai Deep Tunnel Storm Sigma Group, which distributed the films to Rama Agro India to
Water System that supports the infrastructure of Dubai Expo construct the greenhouses. These greenhouses occupy nearly three
2020, one of the largest polyethylene pipelines to be produced million square metres of the Baseri Village in Jaipur District, about
in the Middle East. 30 kilometres northwest of Jaipur’s city centre.
Through ongoing collaboration and partnerships with local Construction works began in 2018, with the first small batch of
manufacturers, Borouge plays a significant role in supporting the greenhouses commencing operations in the second quarter of
UAE’s vision to achieve economic sustainable development, 2019 for pioneer farmers to test the concept using Borouge’s
empower the industrial sector’s growth and unlock new Borstar® FB1200, a bimodal polyethylene designed for agriculture
opportunities to ‘Make it in the Emirates’. films. Borstar® FB1200’s unique properties are produced specially
for agriculture films to improve crop quality and yield. Borouge
provided materials for over 90% of the films used for 900
greenhouses. Construction of greenhouses is ongoing, with
approximately 10 greenhouses being built each month. By sharing
our technical know-how and educating locals on how technological
advancements can assist them in boosting productivity, Borouge
aims to improve farmers’ livelihoods in rural communities with its
innovative, sustainable agriculture solutions.
42 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p45] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Sales and Marketing in 2023
In the year ahead, we aim to build on the strong sales performance of
2022 to continue to solidify relationships with our customers and grow
our market presence by expanding our footprint to South Korea and
Kenya. To support our Sales and Marketing ambition, we will maintain
focus on innovation by building and deploying new products, which will
focus on differentiated sectors such as energy and infrastructure.
We will also ramp up our circular economy offering, working in tandem
with our partners in key markets to ensure that our customers have
access to market-leading recycled products, as well as increasing the
capacity of virgin polyolefins from Al Ruways. This will support our
customers’ sustainability ambitions while minimising our environmental
impact, hence contributing towards our own sustainability goals.
Sustainable Shrimp Farming in Vietnam
Borouge’s customer in Vietnam, Tien Phong Plastics Joint Stock
Company, was appointed to supply pipes for the two farms
operated by Minh Phu Seafood, one of the world’s top shrimp
producers and exporters. The pipes were designed to transport
over 7,000m³ of uncontaminated seawater per hour from the shore
to 1,150 ponds.
To deliver this major project, Tien Phong Plastics chose BorSafe™
HE3490-LS, a high-density polyethylene (HDPE), and BorSafe™
HE3490ELSH from Borouge. BorSafe™ HE3490-LS is a pre-
compounded PE100 material with a successful track record of
over 20 years in water distribution systems and key desalination
projects. BorSafe™ HE3490ELSH enables pipe manufacturers to
achieve dimensionality and cost savings, even for larger and
thick-walled pipes.
The solutions provided by Borouge will ensure the quality of the
water source, directly contributing to the output and quality of
the farmed products, thus encouraging more sustainable shrimp
farming without affecting the coastal environment.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 43

=== [AR2022.pdf p46] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW
Technology
and Innovation
Innovation is at the core of Borouge’s business success. With more
than 20% of annual sales volume coming from new products and
1,000+ active patents, we drive innovation and long-term differentiation.
INNOVATION PLATFORM OVERVIEW INNOVATION COLLABORATION NETWORK
The Borouge Innovation Centre in Abu Dhabi
develops polymer solutions that enable new
applications for our products while working closely Stenungsund, Sweden Porvoo, Finland
with European Innovation Centres within Borealis
Includes extensive laboratories and application Linz, Austria
development resources, supporting polymer
analysis, processing and application testing
The patent portfolio covers plastics solutions Shanghai, China
and grades developed by the Borouge
Innovation Centre Abu Dhabi, UAE
Borouge’s innovation platform collaborates with
Borealis’ global innovation centres to provide
benefits to our customers
Borouge Innovation Centre Borouge Shanghai Application Centre
Borealis Innovation Centre
100+ 25 240+
researchers, scientists and polymers research labs advanced testing equipment
technicians
>20% 1,000+
annual sales volume is derived from new products active patents
44 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p47] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Innovation across our value chain
The backbone of our operations is the Borstar® technology which
powers our production and innovation capabilities leading to 80%
of our production volumes being differentiated. This allows us to sell
at a price premium compared to market benchmark prices.
• Joint innovation
• Global innovation Borstar® projects with
network customers and value
Innovation • 1 00+ R&D Technology chain partners Value Chain
employees • Direct relationships Collaboration
Special Properties Superior with end-customers
• 1 ,000+
Processability
active patents • Technical support for
customers
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 45

=== [AR2022.pdf p48] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – TECHNOLOGY
AND INNOVATION CONTINUED
Our access to and use
of technology owned by
Borealis enables us to have
industry-leading innovation
capabilities to deliver
tailored solutions for our
customers and partners,
in demanding end-use
applications.
Over the past 20 years, we have leveraged
the competitive advantages of our
relationship with Borealis, including access
to Borstar® technology, technical know-how,
innovation capabilities, exchange of in-depth
engagement to ensure that we continuously We currently have new research projects
knowledge and best practices on commercial
develop differentiated value-add solutions. covering all of our market segments and we
and operational excellence.
aim to be able to maintain our percentage of
An example of a solution leveraging our sales generated by new products at above
These factors have contributed to our growth
innovation and technology capabilities is 20%. We have dedicated budgets for
and advantageous position as a leading
HE3310, a new bimodal polyethylene research and development, and aim to
provider of innovative and differentiated
solution made using proprietary Borealis maintain our investments in our portfolio of
polyolefin solutions.
Borstar® technology for non-pressure pipe products to maintain our competitive edge.
applications. The new solution meets the
Borstar® technology allows for the
industry’s high requirements for premium OUR INNOVATION CENTRES
production of tailored product grades and
sewage pipes that feature excellent impact Borouge Innovation Centres are located at
solutions to fulfil the specific needs of our
and stiffness balance properties, improved two sites, the Innovation Centre in Abu Dhabi,
customers, such as improved processability,
durability, and low-weight pipe extrusion and the Application Centre in Shanghai.
mechanical properties and shorter cycle
benefits. Its lightweight and leak-free
times. This supports our focus on premium
properties provide environmental benefits, Innovation Centre, Abu Dhabi
priced end-markets through a differentiated
contributing to our expanding portfolio of This state-of-the-art facility serves as a hub of
product offering.
sustainable infrastructure solutions. innovation in the field of polymer development
and application technology. It includes
In addition, Borstar® technology provides
Collaboration with our value chain partners extensive laboratory and application
us with a competitive edge (as its bimodality
is one of our key pillars to identify innovation development resources, supporting the unique
is key to product design and application
opportunities. In 2022, multiple workshops capability of Borouge in providing expertise
performance), and can be operated at scale
were initiated across different business areas polymer analysis, processing, and application
with low operating expenditure, which helps
with global Original Equipment Manufacturers testing. This centre collaborates regularly with
to strengthen our cost position in comparison
(OEMs), brand owners, recyclers and direct Borealis’ European Innovation Centres to bring
to our competitors.
customers to identify opportunities and joint the best innovation to the region.
development projects. Special focus was
We engage with value chain partners and
given on the development of sustainable With a focus on Research and Development
customers in our innovation process for
polymer solutions, that aim to optimise (R&D), our scientists, researchers, engineers,
new product development. Through this
packaging recyclability and inclusion of and lab technicians collaborate to design novel
collaboration, we strive to anticipate future
recyclate materials into packaging applications. materials and use advanced technologies,
market trends and develop solutions that
equipment, and testing machines at the
address the industry’s needs and bring value
We have a team of over 100 research and laboratory to ensure our products provide the
to society. New concepts are continuously
development personnel, including scientists, best value to our customers.
being identified and developed at the
researchers and technicians that are based
Innovation Centres’ laboratories before
in Abu Dhabi and Shanghai. We have In 2022, we organised more than 10 visits
being scaled-up to the pilot and commercial
25 polymers research labs and more than to the Centre. Visitors include academic
plants, where test runs are performed and the
240 advanced testing equipment. Over 25% institutions, universities, and other
produced polymers trialled in collaboration
of our sales volume in 2022 was generated by organisations to raise awareness on the
with our customers. These trials ensure desired
new products developed within the preceding importance of polyolefins and polymer
quality and suitability of our new products
five years. We have also been granted science, and to empower future talent
in the customers’ production lines before
652 patents for newly developed products, in this growing field.
commercial launch. This innovation process
from 1,082 patent applications filed.
brings together our technological benefits,
innovation capabilities and value-chain
46 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p49] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge Innovation in Action
Development of a new Polyethylene Pipe Material:
BorSafeTM HE3490ELSH for large diameter and thick-wall
pipe applications
Polyethylene has been a material of choice for many plastic pipe
applications due to its optimal short and long-term mechanical
properties, easy processability and weldability. The challenging
requirements of current water transport pipeline projects such as
intake and outfall lines for desalination, thermal and nuclear
power plants, as well as high-pressure and temperature of
industrial chemicals/effluents have led to a demand for thick-wall Revolution in recyclable monomaterial flexible packaging
and large diameter pipes around the world. One of the key pillars of the Borouge Circularity Strategy is to
develop and promote Design for Recycling (DfR) solutions.
However, the extrusion of large diameter thick wall pipes is still Conventional flexible packaging is commonly seen as multimaterial
considered a big challenge. Achieving a uniform wall thickness laminated films that are not sustainable and cannot be recycled
distribution around the circumference of the pipe is a critical issue. under more widely used recycling processes. There is a clear
Downward movement of the polymer melt due to gravitational need from major brand owners for mono-material flexible
forces at low production speeds causes significant deviations packaging solutions which are fully recyclable and sustainable.
at the wall thickness distribution. The jointing of pipes with In collaboration with value chain partners, like OEMs and
non-uniform wall thickness is also a big concern and may lead converters, Borouge has been focused on developing PE
to operational challenges. Thus, there is a need for PE100 class and PP monomaterial flexible packaging solutions to address
material which can help with the production of PE pipes with this challenge.
wall thickness of more than 100mm. Such large diameter and thick
wall PE pipes also help address sustainability challenges in the One key achievement has been the development of a fully
infrastructure market by replacing conventional piping materials recyclable PE laminate structure with high stiffness Machine
with advanced, corrosion and maintenance free, 100% recyclable Direction Oriented (MDO) PE film as printing substrate,
polymer materials. leveraging on the unique properties of Borstar® and AnteoTM.
It enables the replacement of the conventional PET substrate
Utilising our state-of-the-art polymer design, processing and commonly used in the industry and eventually the production
testing facilities, Borouge Innovation Centre has developed a of fully recyclable flexible packaging applications.
new, super low sag, bimodal polyethylene pipe material for extra
large diameter, thick wall polyethylene pipe applications with Continued innovation to develop more sustainable packaging
advantages of Borstar® PE Technology, namely BorSafe™ solutions, addressing both environmental and technological
HE3490ELSH. The technology allows us to tailor the polymer challenges, will remain a key focus area for Borouge in 2023
product design to produce high molecular weight polymer and beyond.
fraction, which satisfies both the industry requirement of high
sagging resistance and easy processability.
BorSafe™ HE3490ELSH also meets all the standard
requirements of ISO 4427-1/2 and ASTM D3350. It is a Water
Regulations Approval Scheme approved product suitable for
contact with water for domestic purposes, for use in contact
with water intended for human consumption, while meeting
the requirements of BS6920-1:2014.
Borouge Out of the Box
Improving operational efficiency, organisational resilience, and
sustainable value creation are key priority areas for us. In 2022,
we launched the Borouge Out of the Box campaign to further
unleash the creativity and potential of our people. The campaign
aims to promote creativity through an ideation management
platform integrated into ADNOC++ that will enable Borouge
employees to submit unique ideas through an end-to-end
interactive experience. Fostering innovation is a fundamental
concept at Borouge that positively contributes to our business
sustainability and viability. We see innovation as a strategic and
human-centred lever for developing and maintaining an agile
and accountable business.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 47

=== [AR2022.pdf p50] ===
BUSINESS REVIEW – TECHNOLOGY
AND INNOVATION CONTINUED
Our market-leading portfolio ΄ High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE) ΄ Polypropylene Homopolymer (PPH):
HDPE has little or no side chain branching the most widely utilised general-purpose
of products
in its linear molecular structure. Therefore, grade. It contains propylene monomer in
We are a producer of premium polyethylene it is more crystalline, and has typical a semi-crystalline solid form. Its main
and polypropylene solutions. densities in the 0.940–0.965g/cm3 range. applications include packaging, textiles,
It is characterised by a wax-like feel, healthcare and automotive.
Polyethylene is a lightweight, durable flexibility, chemical inertness, good stress ΄ Polypropylene Copolymer:
-
thermoplastic with variable crystalline crack resistance, and a relatively high Polypropylene Random Copolymer
structure. It is currently the most common softening temperature. (PPR): produced by polymerising
plastic in use and is used in many propylene with ethylene or butene
applications such as consumer solutions, Our HDPE and LLDPE plants are based on bonds introduced in the polymer
infrastructure solutions, automotive, and Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® technology chains. These polymers are flexible and
electronics, among others. Polyethylene is while the LDPE plant is based on Lupotech T optically clear, making them suitable for
made from the polymerisation of ethylene technology. applications requiring transparency and
monomer, and its chemical formula is CH. for products requiring an excellent
The principal raw materials used in the 2 4 Polypropylene is a rigid and crystalline appearance.
thermoplastic. It is the second most common -
production of polyethylene is ethylene, which Polypropylene Block Copolymer
we produce from ethane purchased through plastic in use today and the most commonly (PPB): propylene copolymer with
long-term supply contracts from ADNOC. used thermoplastic. Given its specific ethylene, where the ethylene content is
Different grades of polyethylene exist, and properties, it is primarily used for packaging relatively large (between 5% and 15%).
they can be categorised based on their solutions, piping systems, medical Its ethylene comonomer units are
density and branching, the most common applications, automobiles and appliances arranged in a regular pattern (or
grades being: and in everyday objects like packaging trays, blocks), which make thermoplastic
household products, battery cases, and tougher and less brittle. These
΄ Low-Density Polyethylene (LDPE) medical devices. It is made from the polymers are suitable for applications
LDPE’s molecular structure is polymerisation of propylene, and its chemical requiring high strength, such as
characterised by the presence of many formula is C 3 H 6 . industrial usages.
asymmetrical branches on the chain of
The principal raw material used in the
carbon atoms. LDPE typically has a Like our PE plants, our PP plants are based
production of polypropylene is propylene.
density range of 0.910–0.935g/cm3 and on Borealis’ proprietary Borstar® technology.
We purchase propylene externally through
is often referred to as the ‘branched’
polyethylene. LDPE is generally the softest long-term supply contracts with ADNOC and For the year ended 31 December 2022, we
and least crystalline of the polyethylenes, can produce it internally in the olefins sold 2,676kt/y of polyethylene and 2,126kt/y
widely used in applications requiring conversion unit, converting ethylene to of polypropylene.
propylene. Different grades of polypropylene
clarity, inertness, processing ease,
exist, the most common grades being:
sealability, moisture barriers and good
electrical properties.
΄ Linear Low-Density Polyethylene
(LLDPE)
LLDPE has short side chain branches in
its molecular structure, with densities less
than 0.940g/cm3. With a more regular
molecular structure, LLDPE is more
crystalline than conventional LDPE at the
same density. When compared with
LDPE, LLDPE resins exhibit significantly
improved stiffness, and tensile and impact
properties, as well as better low- and
high-temperature characteristics.
48 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p51] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Consumer solutions Infrastructure solutions
2.5mt 2.2mt
2022 2022
Sales volume Sales volume
Sustainable Monomaterial Greenhouse Pipes and Water Energy
packaging solutions films fittings solutions solutions
Innovative range of lamination, high-strength packaging, frozen OTHER SOLUTIONS
and snack food packaging, and shrink films, In addition, we have extensive experience in
polymer solutions
that help keep produce fresh and last longer. developing innovative solutions for the
The solutions we provide can be categorised mobility industry. We deliver a portfolio of
under two main product segments: INFRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS customised mobility solutions for durable and
This includes, among other things, (i) piping lightweight exterior and interior components,
CONSUMER SOLUTIONS (including water and gas systems), and (ii) and under-the-bonnet applications. Because
This includes, among other things, (i) energy solutions. of our mobility innovations that include
sustainable packaging, (ii) monomaterial bumpers, body panels, exterior trims,
solutions, and (iii) greenhouse films. Our We provide high quality polyolefin dashboards, door claddings, front-end
products enable solutions designed for compounds to the wire and cable industry carriers, and others, vehicles are made
circularity and recyclability. across the world. Our innovations, including lighter. Our polyolefin components are also
polymer wires, cable coatings and insulation used for medical devices, and
As part of our agriculture solutions, we solve materials, make power grids more reliable, pharmaceutical and diagnostic packaging,
challenges for farmers and their growing help eliminate power wastage, and make it offering a high level of reliability, stability,
businesses and the communities they feed possible to transport energy from renewable traceability, and consistency.
by helping bring fresh food to our homes. sources more efficiently and over longer
Our innovative solutions in greenhouse films, distances, a speciality business. Our
crop cover films, mulch films and drip materials for pipes are used in many different
irrigation help farmers increase crop industries including water and gas supply,
productivity through higher yields. In wastewater and sewage disposal, plumbing
addition, we deliver sustainable packaging and heating, and oil and gas. Our corrosion-
solutions for consumers and industrial free, durable and reliable pipe solutions
applications that are designed to be safe, boost the sustainability of pipe networks by
light, affordable, attractive and making them safer, longer-lasting and more
environmentally friendly. Our flexible and efficient, helping eliminate wastage and loss,
quality polymer packaging solutions include and offering energy savings.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 49

=== [AR2022.pdf p52] ===
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER’S REVIEW
WHAT ARE THE HIGHLIGHTS OF
BOROUGE’S 2022 FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE?
Following Borouge’s record IPO on the Borouge’s financial performance for the
12 months to December 2022 resulted in a
Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange in June 2022, strong $1.4 billion net profit despite an overall
challenging market environment that was
we delivered strong full-year financial results achieved on significant year-on-year revenue
growth of 8.2% to $6.7 billion and a 10%
in a challenging environment that clearly production capacity increase.
demonstrated our innovation, agility, and Total sales volumes increased by 15%
primarily supported by a significantly higher
differentiated product offering. With a healthy polypropylene (PP) sales volume of 2,126kt/y
compared to 1,772kt/y in the previous year,
balance sheet and high cash generation, Due to the production ramp up of PP5.
Polyethylene (PE) sales volumes increased
Borouge is very well positioned for future year on year as well to 2,676kt, with growing
contributions from infrastructure solutions.
growth and to deliver substantial returns The new PP5 unit also supported premium
production by introducing more differentiated
to our shareholders.” grades into the production mix.
The decline in average selling prices and
elevated variable costs affected net profit,
which was 7.8% lower at $1.4 billion versus
the previous year, in line with expectations.
Adjusted EBITDA followed the same trend,
ending 2.9% lower at $2.6 billion. Premia
over benchmark prices both in PE and PP
remained well above the over-the-cycle
guidance, underpinning the differentiated
value-add proposition of our products.
Net profit translated into earnings per
share of $0.05. At the half year 2022, we
announced and paid an interim dividend
of $325 million and expect to pay another
$650 million following the Annual General
Assembly, bringing the total post-IPO
dividend for the year ended 31 December
2022 to $975 million.
Adjusted operating free cash flow of $2,457
million was high and at a comparable level as
the previous year, representing a conversion
rate of 93% assisted by low capital
expenditure following the completion of PP5.
We concluded the year with a very robust
balance sheet. Net debt remained stable, and
we maintained a low leverage of approximately
1.1x net debt/EBITDA. Borouge expects to use
some of its significant cash position to retire
parts of the $4 billion total bank debt.
Jan-Martin Nufer
Chief Financial Officer
50 Borouge Annual Report 2023

=== [AR2022.pdf p53] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
HOW DID BOROUGE’S OPERATING HOW WILL BOROUGE EXPANSION expected to result in a positive $400 million,
ENVIRONMENT AFFECT THE 2022 CREATE FUTURE VALUE FOR or 15% impact to be realised at EBITDA
FINANCIAL RESULTS? SHAREHOLDERS? level, mainly by year-end 2023. The Value
Like the industry overall, Borouge faced Our most substantial near-term organic Enhancement programme will be
a polyolefin price drop, but remained able expansion is represented by Borouge 4, counteracting the impact of the
to deliver healthy premia above product which progressed in 2022 to early macroeconomic challenges, cost increases,
benchmarks due to our differentiated product construction works. The project resides and pricing pressures referred to earlier.
offering based on the proprietary Borstar® under the ownership of our key shareholders
technology from Borealis. Borouge 4 is expected to be re-contributed We are well positioned for future growth,
to Borouge in Q4 2025 after the completion supported by our strong balance sheet,
Cost of sales for the full year increased of defined mechanical tests. earnings generation, and our ability to
in absolute terms and as a percentage of retire debt.
revenue. Feedstock expenses increased Borouge 4 will use third-generation Borstar®
8% compared to 2021, reflecting higher technology and will include a 1.5mt/y ethane In 2023, we expect continued macro
production volumes. cracker, two Borstar® PE units and an XLPE economic uncertainty and challenging
unit, producing 1.4mt/y in polyolefins and industry conditions nonetheless, we are
Logistics costs remained elevated for the bringing Borouge’s total production capacity supported by our exceptional fundamentals:
majority of the year but started to decline to 6.4mt/y. first quartile cost position, our focus on high
in the last quarter of the year, following the growth markets, an outstanding operating
launch of various initiatives to reduce costs. Borouge 4 is designed to deliver high-value platform, best-in-class technology,
sustainable plastics applications that will operational excellence, high level of
WHAT ARE BOROUGE’S COMPETITIVE meet growing demand from our core differentiation, and a unique ‘direct to market’
STRENGTHS IN 2022? markets, achieving higher margins from our sales approach with significant growth
Due to its relationship with ADNOC, one competitive, long-term feedstock agreement potential. Our profit improvement programme
of its founding shareholders, Borouge with ADNOC for ethane. Once Borouge 4 has been launched and is progressing well
benefits from competitive feedstock is fully operational, EBITDA margins are and providing additional support to counter
arrangements under long-term supply expected to be above the current level. industry headwinds.
contracts until 2057. Our large-scale
integrated production facilities, which are With its third generation Borstar® technology, We will remain focused on growth,
situated close to our feedstock supply, Borouge 4’s portfolio of durable applications expanding our product portfolio through
operate in a highly cost-effective manner and will also improve our sustainability metric. And innovation, sustainable solutions, new
further leverage the innovation advantages of importantly, it will directly contribute to the UAE product development, and strategic market
Borstar® technology to maintain Borouge’s economy by creating jobs and cementing the and geographic expansion.
leading position in the industry. nation’s global leadership in petrochemicals.
Our differentiated products and industry-
Our marketing and sales teams benefit – With its resilient and strong cash flow leading innovation capabilities will continue
apart from the inherent product advantages generation Borouge provides a strong basis to support our compelling sales proposition,
– also from our strong brand, agility, proximity underpinning it’s commitment to pay premium product pricing and ability to create
to our core markets and our emphasis on significant dividends in 2023 and beyond shareholder value moving forward.
innovative, differentiated products compared according to our dividend policy.
to lower-value commoditised polymers
commanding a significant price premium WHAT IS THE OUTLOOK FOR 2023?
and higher margins. To further enhance our competitive
positioning and support future growth
The completion of PP5 added 500kt/y, opportunities, Borouge has announced a
bringing our total production capacity to $400m Value Enhancement Programme
5mt/y. PP5 has contributed to our successful which we initiated towards the end of the
organic growth track-record, and our tenfold year 2022.
capacity increase since 2002, all delivered
on time and on budget. PP5 contributes to With the implementation of our Value
our Infrastructure Solutions business, which Enhancement Programme, we are taking
enjoys growing demand in our core markets. meaningful and proactive steps from a
It also delivers innovation at scale by clear position of strength and will focus on
reducing product mix complexity, resulting in high-impact cost-efficiency initiatives. These
better asset performance in terms of consist of conversion variable cost (CVC),
reliability and quality, and improves cost logistics variable cost (LVC), fixed costs,
competitiveness by increasing the synergies as well as a comprehensive revenue
and scale effects of the site’s operations. optimisation stream. The programme is
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 51

=== [AR2022.pdf p54] ===
KEY METRICS
Key metrics
Revenue $6,727m Strategic relevance
Borouge delivers strong revenue growth on
consistently robust sales volumes and premium
+8.2% selling prices of its differentiated products.
2022 $6,727m Performance
Borouge’s revenue has grown consistently,
2021 $6,216m
supported by strong sales volume increases while
2020 maintaining through-the-cycle product premia.
Adj. EBITDA $2,646m Strategic relevance
Borouge’s business model (premium products,
and margin leading position on feedstock cost curve) is
-2.9%
positioned to generate high operating profitability.
2022 $2,646m Performance
Borouge reports industry leading EBITDA margins
2021 $2,725m
which have proven to be resilient through-the-cycle.
2020
2022 margin 39% 2021 margin 44%
Net profit $1,409m Strategic relevance
Borouge’s objective is to earn a sustainable level of
profit over the medium term.
-7.8%
Performance
2022 $1,409m Borouge has maintained strong profitability
through-the-cycle.
2021 $1,528m
2020
Cash 93% Strategic relevance
Borouge’s strong cash conversion has historically
conversion enabled it to provide high dividends to shareholders.
+2.5%
Performance
Borouge’s strong cash conversion profile continues
2022 93%
to support ample dividend capacity for its
2021 91%
shareholders.
2020
52 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p55] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Key metrics
Sales volume 5,083kt Strategic relevance
One pillar of Borouge 2030 strategy is Growth, and
we operate in high growth markets of Asia Pacific
+14.9% and Middle East.
2022 5,083kt Performance
Borouge’s sales volumes have remained
2021 4,422kt
consistently high, demonstrating its flexibility in
managing its product mix and ability to place
volumes tactically where they are needed.
Average selling $1,276/tonne Strategic relevance
Borouge produces differentiated polyolefin solutions
price allowing it to bring new products to customers and
-7.5%
command premium pricing on its products.
*Polyethylene
Performance
2022 $1,318 Borouge maintains a strong level of product premia
2021 1,421 above the market benchmarks through-the-cycle.
2*P02o0lypropylene 0.17
2022 $1,222
2021 $1,313
2020 0.17
Asset reliability 92% Strategic relevance
Operational excellence is core to Borouge’s
operations ethos. Asset reliability measures reflects
-2.1%
the Company’s world-class asset base which is
well-maintained and supports industry-leading
asset reliability and efficient and safe operations.
2022 92%
2021 94%
Performance
Borouge’s high asset reliability rates reflect its
well-maintained asset base with a reliability rate of
94% (average 2020-2022) further highlighting our
operational excellence.
Safety 0.24 Strategic relevance
Borouge’s approach to operations is centred around
excellence our people and safety as measured by TRIR.
-8.4%
(TRIR)1
Performance
The high focus and commitment on health and
2022 0.24
safety requirements is evident in our low TRIR
2021 0.22
which has remained at c. 0.21 on average across
2020-2022.
1 Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) per million hours worked
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 53

=== [AR2022.pdf p56] ===
RISK MANAGEMENT
Management
Enterprise Risk
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is embedded throughout the organisation to
ensure that Borouge effectively manages all risks in order to meet its short- and
long-term business and growth objectives. ERM adopts an integrated and proactive
approach towards addressing various risks and unforeseen business interruptions.
RISK CULTURE RISK ASSESSMENT METHODOLOGY
Borouge manages a strong risk culture mindset that addresses and A holistic risk assessment and risk profiling process ensures a
assesses risk with a direct impact on its market share, reputation, consistent identification and analysis across the Company, with
people safety, and strategic ambitions. guidance from best practices and standards, the Company’s
objectives, and business plans. Risks are reviewed periodically with
the involvement of Management and relevant subject matter experts.
Risk Reporting Establishing the Context
Functional top risks as well as Refers to the consideration of
Company top risks are the external and internal
reported to the Management context which the function
operates in
Risk Establishing
Reporting the Context
Risk Identification
Refers to the identification of
risks from the internal and
Risk Risk external context, which could
prevent the achievement of
Evaluation Identification
objectives
and Analysis
Risk Evaluation Risk Evaluation
Refers to the prioritisation of Refers to the prioritisation of
risks. Action plans are created risks. Action plans are created
for additional mitigation of for additional mitigation of
some risks some risks
54 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p57] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
BARRIER/CONTROLS
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 55
KSIR/ESUAC/TAERHT
CONSEQUENCE
ESTABLISHING THE CONTEXT RISK ANALYSIS RISK BOWTIE
Establishing the context defines the basic Risk analysis refers to the understanding of The bowtie method is a diagrammatic way of
parameters for managing risk and sets the the risk. It involves a series of activities describing and analysing the pathways/
scope for the risk management process. The looking into the causes of the risk, its positive progression of risk from its causes (threats)
context includes the external environment in and negative consequences, and the to its consequences. Bowtie diagrams
which Borouge operates and the internal likelihood that those consequences may provide a systematic approach towards
environment where the respective functions occur. Risk analysis assesses these potential understanding a risk, facilitate the
and departments operate within the threats (causes) and aligns them to a top identification of controls (barriers) and
organisation. The context may also be event to which the threats could lead. The assess their effectiveness in mitigating the
derived from the value drivers, shareholders’ analysis also involves the identification of effects of the risk. The bowtie diagram
expectations and the organisational structure existing controls in place and gauging their displays the range of causes (threats) and
of Borouge. adequacy and effectiveness using ‘Risk potential consequences by listing the risk in
Control Effectiveness (RCE)’ definitions to the causation path of threat-event-
RISK IDENTIFICATION manage the risk. consequence. It also differentiates between
Risk identification is the process of preventive (pre-event) controls and reactive
determining where, when, why and how This includes quantitative (guided by the (post-event) controls. The bowtie method is
risk events can arise that may prevent, approved risk matrix and financial used at Borouge to integrate risk
delay or enhance Borouge’s achievement thresholds) and qualitative (subjective) risk management into business continuity, where
or the function’s objectives as well as analysis in determining the appropriate risk escalation, response and initial recovery
implementation of strategies. strategies to mitigate the threats to the strategies can prevent further escalation.
organisation.
ESCALATION/RESPONSE/RECOVERY
RISK/TOP EVENT
RISK LANDSCAPE BUSINESS CONTINUITY LANDSCAPE
RISK EVALUATION
The goal of risk evaluation is to decide which existing controls will affect the residual
risks require future controls and to assign (current) risk rating and determine if
priorities to these action plans. This is based additional actions are required. Risks that
on the outcome of the risk analysis, as well are considered unacceptable/intolerable will
as the established risk appetite and require action plans to reduce them to an
tolerance set by the Management. The acceptable level.
adequacy, criticality, and effectiveness of

=== [AR2022.pdf p58] ===
RISK MANAGEMENT
CONTINUED
RISK TREATMENT
REDUCE
Appropriate risk treatment may be
LIKELIHOOD
required based on the results of the (PREVENT)
risk analysis, evaluation of current
controls, and the risk appetite and TERMINATE REDUCE
tolerance set by Management. ACTIVITY IMPACT
TO AVOID (MITIGATE)
RISK
RISK
TAKE ON
MORE RISKS
TRANSFER IT
TO EXPLOIT
OPPORTUNITY
ACCEPT IT
COMMUNICATION AND CONSULTATION MONITORING AND REVIEW RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
In addition to periodic risk reporting and Risk and its mitigations are constantly We have established our ERM framework
deliberations on Management Committee monitored to ensure risk levels are managed based on the industry’s best practices,
and Board platforms, risk information is in accordance with the Company’s appetite specifically the ISO:31000 and COSO ERM
communicated via various channels to and tolerance. This involves regularly Guidance. This helps us integrate ERM into
support active and effective risk discussing and reviewing risks with risk key business activities, such as business
management across Borouge. This includes owners, as well as tracking the progress of planning and performance, to maximise
risk assessment in the Business Continuity risk mitigation efforts. This provides stakeholder value.
management system, Borouge capital stakeholders with reasonable assurance that
projects and i5 Project Management risks are being effectively managed across
Approach (i5 is problem-solving and project the organisation.
management excellence).
The Internal Audit Department is responsible
Borouge has an integrated business for assessing the risk management
planning process where risks are part of the processes at Borouge and identifying areas
overall business plan; the risk of the business for improvement. They will also conduct
plan is identified, ensuring the critical audits on Borouge’s functions to ensure
business activities are robust to meet the internal controls are efficient and effective in
Company’s objective. Risk information is also managing risks. The department considers
communicated to the Borouge audit team feedback from management and risk
annually. In return, the Audit and Assurance champions when developing the annual ERM
function may identify new risks or plan as part of continuous improvement
assessments of current risks discovered efforts.
during their audit.
56 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p59] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Structure
Risk Oversight
EXECUTIVE
APPROVAL
MANAGEMENT
SENIOR
ALIGNMENT
MANAGEMENT
VERIFICATION MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT
IDENTIFY
RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS
ANALYSE
Borouge’s risk oversight structure allows RISK MANAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS/
top-down and bottom-up approaches ACHIEVEMENTS
for effective information flow on risk
management implementation at all Periodical risk assessment for major
levels. Risks are reviewed and reported growth projects
to the Borouge senior management, COVID-19 impact scenario-based risk
executive management, and respective assessment
board committees. Assist the turnaround team with risk
identification and mitigation
Risk management in Borouge is Support and assist the organisation in
overseen by the Finance function, led by various initiatives
the Chief Finance Officer through its
Enterprise Risk Management
Department. The ultimate accountability
of effective Risk Management practices
rests on the Chief Executive Officer.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 57

=== [AR2022.pdf p60] ===
RISK MANAGEMENT
CONTINUED
Risks
Borouge Principal
During the year, principal risks are identified, aligned, and integrated with
our business strategies and objectives, ensuring risks (internal and external) are
managed in a sustainable manner through our strong ERM governance practices
across the Company.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT STRATEGIC RISK This will further distress and limit customers’
(HSE) RISK The increase in global sustainability ability to maintain operations which may
As a petrochemical company, Borouge is legislation and regulations could significantly result in declining sales and compressed
committed to operate in a safe environment. impact our business. Failure to comply with margins for our products. Borouge’s
Safeguarding our people and assets is our these laws and standards may result in a loss products are sold in a competitive market
top priority. of market share and the inability to compete. where quality, price and technology are the
It might be challenging to predict the pace of determining factors for customers and
The chemical manufacturing industry carries legislation integration, as more customers are clients.
inherent risks of HSE incidents, which could assessing the environmental impact of our
harm both our people and business, such as products throughout their life cycle. To To enhance our resilience and promote
major breaches in plants resulting from prepare for potential changes in legislation growth, we are implementing various
incidents like loss of primary containment and market requirements, we should take business strategies, such as establishing
(LOPC), fire/explosions, and the release of proactive initiatives and focus on our circular market positioning initiatives for new
toxic gases and hazardous chemicals. economy strategies. This will align our innovations in specific regions, building
business objectives and improve our long-term partnerships with strategic
Damage to our people and assets could readiness towards the dynamic market and partners, and adopting robust and agile
impact Company financials, as well as lead industry changes. pricing strategies.
to regulatory queries/investigations which
would affect our brand value globally. MACROECONOMIC RISK OPERATIONAL RISK
Borouge is inculcating the best HSE culture In recent years, the petrochemical industry Our operations are highly integrated from
via its transformation programmes, while has been experiencing market volatility due to feedstock supply, manufacturing facilities to
focusing on process safety compliance various factors including the prolonged product distribution. Any business disruption
activities and building competencies within pandemic, geopolitical tensions, and to this value chain could affect the
the Company. disruptions in the supply and demand of Company’s performance and ability to meet
energy. Although the industry experienced a our stakeholder obligations. One of our key
surge in demand and high oil and gas prices risks is our dependence on feedstock and
in certain post-pandemic phases, there are raw material suppliers and their ability to
still uncertainties in the market. There is a reliably meet our manufacturing
possibility of a global recession, which could requirements. Uncertainties related to
result in lower GDP growth, increased interest supplies could impact product quality,
rates, and decreased currency values in the prices, and margins of our products.
markets where Borouge operates.
58 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p61] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
LOGISTIC AND DISTRIBUTION RISK Cyberattacks are also becoming aggressive PEOPLE RISK
Our operations rely on logistic services to and widespread with cyberthreat actors People are the most important asset of the
transport our product to customers in using pressure tactics such as ransomware Company. Borouge’s future and success
different regions. Transportation costs have on vulnerable targets. Borouge continues to depends on its ability to attract and retain
reached unprecedented levels post- enhance its cybersecurity controls as well as talent with the right skill set.
pandemic due to high premiums imposed by implementing vulnerability management
shipping service providers. Borouge has solutions to strengthen its security defence With the rise in production capacity through
implemented various actions to manage the against these threats. growth projects by competitors regionally
impact. and globally, competition for talent has also
COVID-19 RISK increased. Borouge has implemented a
CYBER SECURITY RISK The global economy has been impacted by holistic talent strategy that will attract
Borouge is using digitalisation to improve the COVID-19 pandemic, and the best-in-class employees and drive a
productivity and has launched projects to petrochemical industry is no exception. high-performance culture in the organisation
enhance its capabilities. As technology Although the economy is gradually to remain competitive.
platforms and interfaces converge with recovering, the uncertainties surrounding the
business tools, the cyberthreat landscape outbreak and imposition of health-related
is becoming more complex for both measures still loom and cannot be predicted.
Information Technology (IT) and
Operational Technology (OT). Global vaccination efforts have reduced the
impact of previously imposed restrictions
Borouge’s operations rely on a variety of and improved global mobility, boosting some
operating systems to function, and any of the economy’s most important sectors.
disruption to the system may result in
unexpected incidents that could jeopardise Borouge remains cautious and maintains
the safety of our people and assets. appropriate monitoring measures to ensure
business continuity and more importantly to
safeguard our people. Business continuity
scenarios and contingency plans are
reviewed to ensure that we are prepared for
changes and able to maintain our operations.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 59

=== [AR2022.pdf p62] ===
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Borouge
Sustainability at
We are committed to the wellbeing of society IN LINE WITH THE THREE PILLARS OF PLANET: ENVIRONMENTAL
and preservation of the environment, while SUSTAINABILITY, WE COMMIT TO: STEWARDSHIP
addressing the economic expectations of our ΄ Addressing global challenges, such as
shareholders. PEOPLE: SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY climate change, water, food, energy,
΄ Pursuing a goal of no harm to people and healthcare and waste, with innovative
We are a leading provider of sustainable, society solutions
innovative and value creating polyolefin ΄ Contributing to solutions that deliver a ΄ Minimising discharges, waste and
solutions and we conduct our business positive and sustainable impact on emissions, safeguarding biodiversity,
within the framework of our values, vision and people’s lives enhancing energy performance and
mission, and in accordance with applicable ΄ Promoting the health and welfare of our optimising the use of natural resources
laws, regulations and industry standards. people and the communities where we ΄ Ensuring that energy performance
We focus on the performance, profitability operate improvements are considered throughout
and efficiency of our operations and enhance ΄ Building diverse and multi-cultural human the duration of the intended lifecycle of our
the contribution and development of our capabilities and creating opportunities for assets
people, while actively contributing to meeting individual growth ΄ Optimising the positive health, safety,
the United Nations Sustainable Development ΄ Fostering mutually beneficial partnerships environmental, energy and societal
Goals (SDGs). and social initiatives within the industry impacts of our polymers throughout their
and society lifecycle
We are committed to exploring and driving ΄ Respecting and conforming to relevant
opportunities towards a circular economy. social, cultural, legal and ethical aspects
of society
As a signatory of the Chemical Industry’s
Responsible Care® Global Charter, we apply
best practices and pursue continual
improvement.
Our three pillars of sustainability
People Planet Profit
Social responsibility Environmental Economic growth
stewardship
Note: This is a summarised sustainability report. To view the full Sustainability Report please visit: borouge.com/en/sustainability/pages/home.aspx
60 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p63] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
PROFIT: ECONOMIC GROWTH
΄ Maximising shareholder return throughout
the value chain
΄ Enhancing the reputation of Borouge and
the image of the polymers industry
΄ Ensuring that the design, operational and
technical integrity of our assets are
sustained throughout their lifecycle
΄ Strengthening organisational resilience
through the application of effective risk
management, security and emergency
preparedness, and business continuity
practices
΄ Advancing the development of local
downstream industries, and science and
engineering capabilities
΄ Optimising responsible global
procurement and supply chain
opportunities
Our commitment is demonstrated through
visible leadership and effective
communication, a proactive sustainability
performance culture supported by
transparent monitoring and reporting
systems, and continuous investment in our
people, innovation, and assets. We engage
with all of our stakeholders and encourage
them to commit with us.
Advancing the development of sustainable Cultivating a sustainability performance
Sustainability reporting framework polyolefin solutions and promoting a circular culture across the organisation
This is a summary of the Sustainability Report, economy ΄ The Sustainability Policy is championed by
which has been prepared in accordance with ΄ Obtained Global Recycle Standard our leadership. Our proactive sustainability
the GRI Standards 2021, one of the most certification for recycled polyolefins performance culture is supported by
widely adopted sustainability reporting ΄ Provided circular economy solutions for transparent monitoring and reporting
standards. We have also aligned our report waste collection bags during COVID-19 systems, and our continuous investment in
with the disclosure requirements outlined by in China our people, innovation, and assets
the UAE Securities and Commodities ΄ Continuously recruit talent from diverse
Authority (SCA) incorporating the Abu Dhabi Increasing the positive social impact in the cultural backgrounds with a special focus
Securities Exchange (ADX) ESG guidelines, communities where we operate on training and developing our people
΄ Project STOP in Indonesia keeps
covering all ESG Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs). To view our full Sustainability Report, delivering in its key objectives: to achieve We have concluded the first phase of our
please visit borouge.com. zero leakage of waste into the long-term Sustainability Goals in 2021 with
environment, increase resource efficiency a baseline year of 2015 following pillars of
and recycle more polymers, as well as People, Planet and Profit. Details can be
Our sustainability framework
At Borouge, our Sustainability Strategy create benefits for local communities found in our Sustainability Report 2021.
focuses on four key priorities: ΄ In this year, over 4,800 people were Moving forward, in 2022, we conducted an
positively impacted through our CSR in-depth collaborative and extensive exercise
activities under different programmes with within the organisation to determine the key
Ensuring the sustainability of our operations
themes such as science education and priorities on which our 2030 ESG strategy will
and supply chain
΄ To signal our commitment to mitigate our volunteerism be based. Our new Borouge ESG strategy is
environmental impact, Al Ruways expected to be launched in early 2023.
Environmental Sustainability Programme
(RESP) has been launched in 2019 with
2025 targets to improve all aspects of the
environment in operations
΄ As of 2022, we have successfully
achieved reduction in continuous flaring
and in scope 1 and 2 emissions. We also
increased water and energy efficiency in
our operations
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 61

=== [AR2022.pdf p64] ===
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CONTINUED
Sustainable Solutions Which Address Global Challenges
Our solutions Addressing global challenges through our product portfolio
Energy Access to reliable energy
There is tremendous potential in the energy sector. We think Reliable energy by securing, interconnecting, and extending
beyond cables and voltage, to the lives and economies that thrive energy networks to meet the world’s increasing demands.
on this precious energy. Our innovative materials for solar energy
panels provide reliability and affordability while delivering superior CO emissions
2
performance, making solar energy a more effective and viable Climate protection with lighter, more energy-efficient materials
alternative than ever. Our energy solutions ensure that energy is that reduce greenhouse gas emissions of products across
transported safely and efficiently from renewable sources and over their lifecycles.
longer distances.
Infrastructure Clean water distribution and sanitation
Our infrastructure solutions are used in many different industries, Access to clean drinking water and sanitation with sustainable pipe
including water/gas distribution and transmission, sanitation, materials, ensuring safe, durable and efficient access to our most
plumbing and heating, industrial, and energy, ensuring the health vital resource.
and safety of communities worldwide. Reliable and durable pipe
solutions are vital in helping to eliminate losses, save energy and
better serve communities and industries in the future, thus
enhancing sustainability. Furthermore, they are used to transport
and distribute clean water and gas through safer, longer-lasting
and more efficient pipe networks.
Mobility Green transportation
Our mobility innovations make vehicles lighter and more efficient. High performance PP compounds have been developed for
Beyond materials, our true focus is moving people, and the automotive interior, exterior and under-the-bonnet applications to
industry, forward. With the commitment to sustainability under the help OEMs reduce vehicle energy consumption and carbon
requirement of automotive industry, we are implementing carbon footprint to achieve sustainable goals.
footprint investigation and certification under ISO14064 and key
compounds virgin grades and recycled grades.
Sustainable packaging Waste management
Consistency and material advantages are proven benefits of our Reducing polymer waste by following global best practices in
packaging solution portfolio. We also work to ensure that products encouraging REDUCE, REUSE, RECYCLE and RECOVERY of
arrive fresh and tasty, contributing to reduce the food waste and plastics to energy after their original intended application.
improving overall food availability. The fully recyclable mono-material
solutions provided by Borouge significantly contribute to reducing our
negative climate impacts and attaining our sustainability goals.
Agriculture Food protection and safety
When we deliver an agriculture solution, we think about more than a Ensuring food security and safety with advanced packaging that
greenhouse. We solve challenges for farmers and their growing provides enhanced protection across the value chain.
businesses and the communities they feed. We are working with
many value chain stakeholders including universities, R&D
companies, government agencies and progressive commercial
farmers to promote our innovative solutions that contribute towards
food sustainability. Our agriculture solutions are used to protect and
grow crops under suitable conditions all year round, contributing to
healthier and increased crop yields.
Healthcare Safe medical devices
Our healthcare solutions meet the strictest global regulations, and Improved healthcare with a new generation of materials for safer,
continually earn the trust of the healthcare professionals who use more convenient and affordable medical equipment.
our solutions daily to save, enhance and protect lives.
62 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p65] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Social
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGs) MATERIAL TOPICS
΄ Diversity and Inclusion
΄ Employee Health, Safety and Hygiene
΄ Process Safety
΄ Human Rights and Worker Protection
ABU DHABI 2030 VISION
Priority: Social & Human Resources Development 2022 SOCIAL PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Total number of employees 3,122
Gender balance (female %) 15.7%
Number of UAE Nationals 1,393
Training hours 98,335
Occupational Safety (TRI) frequency 0.237
Process Safety Incidents (Rate Tier 1 & Tier 2) 0.08
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 63

=== [AR2022.pdf p66] ===
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CONTINUED
Environment
We consider environmental stewardship as one of the key pillars of our operations. As a leading petrochemical company, we realise that we
have an important role to play in managing and mitigating our environmental impact across all the areas that we operate. Sustainability is
an integral part of our operations and culture that enables us to reduce risks and drive positive growth. Therefore, we continue to invest in
operational improvements and environmental initiatives.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGs) MATERIAL TOPICS
΄ GHG Emissions
΄ Water Consumption
΄ Recycling and Circular Economy
΄ Environmental Compliance
΄ Energy Optimisation and Management
΄ Waste Management
ABU DHABI 2030 VISION
Priority: Infrastructure Development and Environment Sustainability
64 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p67] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Environmental operations
We comply with all relevant environmental laws, regulations, standards, and other legal requirements of the countries we operate in.
We empower our employees through education, training and awareness efforts to ensure that sustainability is considered in every department
at Borouge. Furthermore, we possess several relevant certifications to foster sustainability throughout our business.
Certification Standards and Details
ISO 14001:2015 The Environment Management System helps manage potential environmental impacts, fulfill compliance
obligations, and identify opportunities for improvement.
RC 14001® – Responsible Care The latest RC 14001®:2015 broadens the scope of the Environmental Management System standard
Technical Specifications (ISO 14001:2015), the Occupational Health and Safety Management System standard (ISO 45001:2018), and the
Energy Management System standard (ISO 50001:2018) to cover the following key codes: Community awareness and
emergency response – Distribution – Product stewardship – Security – Health and safety – Environmental protection.
ISO 50001: 2018 – Energy ISO 50001:2018 allows us to manage our energy performance more effectively and achieve a higher
Management System level of continual improvement. By implementing ISO 50001 certification in energy management, we
have ensured that energy efficiency is built into the fabric of our business and operations.
Environmental Impact The impact of our activities is evaluated through the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) process
Assessment (EIA) for new projects, modifications, and retrofitting.
AL RUWAYS ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAMME
Through the implementation of RESP, we achieved significant optimisation, particularly through our water, energy and waste efficiency
projects, while improving the livelihood of the Al Dhannah region’s community. Compared to the 2018 baseline, we managed to:
Energy saving initiatives and associated savings
Initiative Energy saved (GJ) Tonnes CO equivalent saved
2
EU-1 CGC extraction maximisation 119,720 7,093
Extruder optimisation for PO plants 596,598 33,141
Optimisation of Ethylene Vaporiser 160,479 9,508
U&O-1 boiler optimisation 226,884 13,443
Steam system APC implementation 766,462 109,775
Flaring roadmap (Zero continuous flaring) 243,052 14,400
Beyond our operations, Borouge is working to reduce our operational CO footprint and collaborating with our value chain partners to deliver
2
more sustainable solutions.
Corporate Social Responsibility
At Borouge, our CSR activities reflect our mission, vision, values, and strategy. We continue to collaborate with communities
and employees to strengthen our relationships, accountability, and reputation. We have a strong history of supporting our local
communities and fostering long-term and mutually beneficial partnerships and social initiatives, such as:
΄ Water for the World Borouge Scholarship Programme
΄ Sustainable Campus Initiative Al Dhannah Trivia Night
΄ Polymers on the Move Zero Waste Campaign
΄ Borouge without Borders
Our environmental awareness initiatives span across a wide area, initiating and delivering campaigns in multiple countries to:
΄ Encourage the responsible disposal of waste
΄ Educate the public to reduce, reuse and recycle waste
΄ Promote the benefits and value of polymers
Measuring our Social Impact and Social Value
Measuring social impact and social value1 delivered through our initiatives is part of our commitment to continuously improving our social
engagement, and investment in the communities we operate in.
Environment Science Education Borouge without Borders Total
Social Value: 227 volunteering Social Value: 411 volunteering Social Value: 197.5 volunteering Social Value: 835.5 volunteering
man-hours man-hours man-hours man-hours
Social Impact: 1,750 people Social Impact: 2,268 people Social Impact: 788 people Social Impact: 4,806 people
impacted impacted impacted impacted
1 Social impact is measured by the number of people who have directly benefitted whereas the social value is measured by the total number of man-hours volunteered by our employees
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 65

=== [AR2022.pdf p68] ===
OUR PEOPLE
Our Borouge family
A talented, diverse, and dedicated team of more than 3,100 employees in
nine countries. In 2022, we implemented plans to attract, engage, develop,
and empower our employees as part of our ongoing journey towards a
performance-driven culture in which every employee is aligned with our
values and shared purpose.
Key Achievements The Leave Cash-Out campaign was rolled out The TA’ALAM app was launched as
to ADP and PTE employees, allowing them to part of the Marefa Hub, as a dynamic
monetise leave not taken. Additionally, the learning destination for all Learning &
In 2022, our people played an important
unused CDOs of Al Ruways-based employees Development (L&D) services integrated
role in delivering Borouge’s achievements
were extended to 31 December 2022 as part with a digital library. We also rolled out
and reaching key milestones, with the
of this initiative. our new remote Check-In power for
Company’s goals and targets met thanks to
Borouge HQ employees to remotely
our employees’ commitment and hard work.
Borouge’s internship programme was check in for work.
recognised by universities and ADNOC has
Establishing and maintaining a performance-
adopted it a benchmark for all its companies. The Borouge Talent ECO System was
driven, engaged workforce requires ongoing
The programme won an ADNOC Excellence established, offering eight leadership
investment in training, providing
Award, as did our Talent Acquisition Team. learning programmes to 759 participants.
opportunities for growth and advancement,
and rewarding performance excellence.
In Asia Pacific, Borouge solidified its We achieved 82% participation in our
standing as a strong employer of choice in 2022 Employee Engagement Survey,
This investment is essential, requires constant
2022. Being the enabler and trusted advisor validating the investment and effort made
innovation, and must reflect the changing
to the business, our Human Capital and in building a strong culture of engaged
environment in which we operate and the
Administration Group cultivated a employees. Two initiatives stemming from
shifting dynamics of talent acquisition and
performance culture and a talented, diverse the survey were introduced at the
retention. In 2022, our Human Capital and
workforce, which led Borouge to be crowned TAWASUL and HC Service Point sites
Administration Group delivered a wide variety of
the 2022 HR Excellence Awards Overall to cater to the needs of site-based
programmes, while also coordinating Borouge’s
Winner amongst distinguished organisations employees and increase service
many training options, overseeing technology
across Asia, the Middle East and Oceania. excellence at Al Ruways Industrial City.
enhancements to manage our people better,
and helping the Company meet its people-
related KPIs for the year.
66 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p69] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
RECRUITMENT IN 2022
Total experienced 145 UAE NATIONALS NON-UAE NATIONALS
Total graduates 30 Graduates Experienced Experienced
Emiratisation on recruitment 0 11 10
plan (Graduates included) 52%
Female diversity 14.5% 30 49 75
30 60 85
Diversity and Inclusion Many of our female employees participated Developing Local Talent
Borouge attracts, engages, develops, and in the UAE-JAPAN Women Friendship Borouge continuously upskills UAE Nationals
retains a diverse and inclusive workforce. Committee at Al Ruways. The event was in line with Government targets. Our success
Employees from different backgrounds, attended by H.E. Dr. Maitha Al Shamsi, in this area has created an Emiratisation
experiences, and viewpoints are critical to Minister of State; Mrs Fatema Al Nuaimi, benchmark for ADNOC’s group businesses,
advancing innovation in our business. ADNOC LNG CEO and AGBC Chairperson; as well as for other oil and gas companies
and Dr. Ghuwaya Al Neyadi, AGBC across the Middle East.
In line with the UAE’s goal of promoting Deputy Chairperson.
gender balance, we strive to develop At the end of 2022, we were on track with our
high-potential female employees. We are The event’s brainstorming sessions and Emiratisation targets, with our total Emirati
also guided by ADNOC’s 2030 strategy roundtable discussions focused on gender workforce reaching 1,243 employees.
focusing on People, Profitability, and balance, women’s empowerment, community
Sustainability, which includes empowering development, sustainability, climate change,
women, driving gender diversity, and COP 28, and the UAE’s investments in
promoting inclusivity. clean energy.
At the end of 2022, our workforce comprised We celebrated International Women’s Day
15.7% female employees, with women in to acknowledge the resilience, commitment,
26.9% of management roles. As part of and dedication of the women in our
our Diversity and Inclusion commitments, Borouge family. This year’s theme was
we will continue to attract and consider more #BreakTheBias, highlighting the need for
internal female candidates. collaboration between genders to create
a healthy working environment.
The Banat Zayed Initiative, the Borouge
Female Talent Platform, was created for our
talented female colleagues to share
aspirational messages with the whole
Company, reinforcing our focus on
advancing unity, and promoting wellbeing
and happiness.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 67

=== [AR2022.pdf p70] ===
OUR PEOPLE
CONTINUED
Borouge has established a dedicated Feedback from our employees helps us Performance Management
function to train secondary and tertiary identify areas for improvement. As such, Our integrated Talent and Competency
Emirati graduates, as well as to create and we carry out employee surveys to monitor Framework recognises talent and develops
deliver development programmes to support individual engagement, goal alignment, and individuals to their fullest potential in their
them in their career progression at Borouge. our organisational agility. specialisation. The framework uses best
practices and globally benchmarked
Borouge provides local recruits with Our 2022 Employee Engagement Survey had competencies and proficiency levels to
international exposure, challenging and an 82% response rate, demonstrating our set targets.
rewarding career opportunities, and access people’s enthusiasm for contributing to
to best-in-class global standards. Borouge’s future, while our low attrition rate We engage and support all our employees
of 2.69% for the year, below the global with evaluations, discussions, planning, and
Meanwhile in Asia Pacific, Borouge’s human average, reflects our strong employer brand. development activities appropriate to their
capital strategy and best-in-class HR We hosted numerous events and sessions to aspirations, competencies, performance, and
practices led us to win the prestigious 51job engage employees and raise awareness of potential. These include on-the-job coaching
Top HR Management Award 2022 in China, various operational issues. and mentoring, world-class training courses,
and the Best Succession Planning Strategy foreign assignments, and secondments to
and Best Executive Coaching Programme in The Talent Acquisition Awareness Sessions Borouge businesses and projects abroad.
HR Employee Experience Awards 2022 in were held for more than 300 employees,
Singapore. These awards recognised including line managers and nominated The Employee Performance Management
Borouge’s exemplary efforts in leader women. system develops employees to improve their
enablement and succession planning to performance and increase engagement
build our total talent pipeline. The THRIVE culture transformation using meaningful dialogue, feedback, and
programme, which was established in coaching that promotes business excellence.
Employee Engagement October 2020, is aimed at enabling a thriving This effective tool delivers a balance
The Human Capital and Administration Group Borouge, today and tomorrow, and building between Borouge’s business needs and our
was very active in 2022 with employee employee engagement to achieve a employees’ desire for job satisfaction,
engagement initiatives. Borouge aims to create high-performing culture and sustainable rewards, personal and career development,
an environment where all employees feel performance excellence. Since inception, the and progression.
valued and supported. We engage our programme has rolled out more than 30
employees frequently, through volunteering, initiatives to 1,500-plus employees. The outcome of all our activities supporting
annual sporting events, internal competitions, employees, building engagement, and lifting
employee awards, and other activities. Borouge’s commitment towards securing operational performance, is a high-performing,
strong employee engagement and workplace innovative, and motivated workforce.
Channels for communicating with our excellence led us to clinch the coveted HR
employees include face-to-face and town hall Asia Best Companies to Work for in Asia Learning and Development
meetings, e-learning modules, a dedicated Award 2022 in both China and Singapore, Borouge provides internal and external
intranet, articles, posters, targeted emails, receiving the gold Harmonia statuette for our training opportunities such as eLearning,
and short videos. continued successes and achievements on-the-job training, classroom training,
learning from others (coaching and
mentoring), and specialised bespoke
development initiatives. In 2022, we provided
2022, we provided 23,735 hours of training
to 20,738 participants.
68 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p71] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
This included the shift manager development In addition, employees received many International Youth Day on 12 August 2022
programme, which was designed for highly commercial training opportunities that was themed ‘Intergenerational Solidarity:
competent and engaged shift supervisors to cultivated a high level of commercial acumen Creating a World for All Ages’. In celebration,
learn about operational requirements on site among our workforce. Our training we hosted a Youth Got Talent competition to
while also developing leadership attributes. programme covers essential topics such as offer employees an opportunity to share their
This is the first technical competency-based sustainability, circular economies, talent in the form of a photo or video.
programme built to develop shift managers, petrochemicals, and net zero, which
and includes networking with other empowered our employees with the Our People in 2023
downstream companies, leading shift teams, knowledge and tools to stay ahead of the In the coming year, one of our major
and coordinating priorities. curve in these critical areas. initiatives will be completing our E-Filing
project to digitise employee records for
More than 100 Behaviour-based safety Level We are committed to supporting our efficient and secure access.
3 training sessions were held at all locations, organisation’s change management efforts,
with 3,884 employees attending. specifically through the implementation of Our employer branding strategy will be
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) made more visible externally to increase
We continued to harness technology to in 2022. This state-of-the-art platform the number of candidates responding to
enhance the learning and development of significantly improves our data management advertised roles. Our wider presence on
employees, where we provided employees on customers, opportunities and social media will include video job
with access to digital learning platforms, transactions, , resulting in a superior descriptions and employee testimonials.
which promoted self-directed learning. customer experience and streamlined Internally, we will raise awareness and
With an extensive library of courses made commercial processes. To ensure a visibility of performance and reward by
available to employees, tailored to both their seamless transition to the new system, we engaging employees and line managers
professional and functional development, we have trained a total of 262 sales, marketing, through various channels.
achieved outstanding learning outcomes in and customer service employees, and
2022, with 60% repeat learners, who viewed developed a team of expert internal trainers Furthermore, we plan to launch a Female
40,000 learning videos and successfully who facilitated the roll-out with great success. Engineer Talent Mobility Programme which
completed 2,000 courses, surpassing the will focus on Borouge’s value chain.
industry benchmark. Youth Empowerment
In 2022, we continued to develop the Our Aspiring Ladies Programme, specifically
Using ADNOC’s Learning Management potential of our young talent to become designed by Borouge to empower technical
System (LMS), we have provided our people scientists and engineers as part of our entry-level and newly integrated employees,
with select eLearning opportunities based on responsible corporate citizen strategy. will be held. The women will take part in
their individual needs and interests. Some of workshops on behavioural skills, understanding
the eLearning offered included management; Borouge’s Youth Development Department learning styles, communicating with influence,
Health, Safety and Environment; leadership; successfully launched TAQIEM, a four-day self-branding, active listening, amongst others.
technical; role-related; and interpersonal skills. Building Line Assessor programme for our
colleagues at Al Ruways. Attendees took We will also introduce a full leadership
In 2022, we launched TA’ALAM – EDAPP, part in training workshops, lectures, group calendar for 2023, with the theme of ‘Think
a digital micro-learning platform offering discussions, quizzes, videos, and role play Before You Act’. The programme, designed for
interactive ways of learning using sessions. VPs, DMs team leaders and engineers in both
gamification. It was designed to make Abu Dhabi and Al Ruways, will offer group
learning experiences simpler, smarter, The programme was designed to: coaching, experiential learning, and business
and more engaging. ΄ Promote a fair, objective, consistent, model training. Most importantly, we will
standard, and efficient assessment arrange Value Enhancement Programme
We introduced our certified and professional approach across all disciplines to ensure workshops and change management activities
coaches at Borouge to help employees tap the seamless integration of Entry Point to support workshop activities to support
into their potential, unlock creativity and Employees with the desired competency strategic decision making, as well as innovative
productivity, and create positive change ΄ Build a mindset to align our current team building to increase value delivery.
geared towards extraordinary results. assessments with the Scottish
Qualification Authority (SQA) standards
in order to prepare young UAE Nationals
for SQA qualifications in the future
΄ Enrol trained assessors on the SQA
certification, ‘Assessing workplace
competence using direct and indirect
methods’ to transform Borouge’s
assessment competencies
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 69

=== [AR2022.pdf p72] ===
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
As a leading global petrochemical company, Borouge sits at the heart of
a dynamic and integrated ecosystem of customers, employees, partners,
shareholders, and the broader community. We are committed to continually
engaging and supporting all our valued stakeholders to ensure
transparency, drive collaboration, and deliver sustainable value creation.
Stakeholder Group Our Shareholders Our Customers Our Employees Our Suppliers and Contractors Communities
How do you engage? ΄ Earnings presentations and ΄ Regular customer visits or contacts by ΄ Internal communications (intranet, ΄ Site visits ΄ Public events, roadshows and activities
press releases Sales and Marketing employees, either newsletter, emails, MS Teams and ΄ Industry events and talks in the local communities and schools
΄ Ad-hoc press releases on key in person or virtually Yammer) ΄ Screening and assessments ΄ Corporate website
achievements and announcements ΄ Employees also record customer data ΄ Townhalls ΄ Joint projects
΄ Meetings and conferences with IR via Salesforce (customised Customer ΄ Employee Engagement Survey ΄ All communications being shared with
and senior management Relationship Management) platform ΄ Corporate and department events suppliers through a system called
΄ Annual General Meetings and activities ‘Borouge Ariba’ in terms of technical
΄ Capital Markets Day ΄ Meetings with Line Managers for and commercial clarifications and
΄ Non-deal roadshows performance appraisals contract awarding
΄ Corporate website ΄ Physical meetings or virtual meetings
How often do you engage? ΄ Quarterly investor earnings calls ΄ Ongoing two-way communication ΄ Internal communications (intranet, ΄ Ongoing two-way communication ΄ Ongoing initiatives
΄ Ad-hoc press releases on key maintained (feedback provided to and newsletter, emails, MS Teams and maintained
achievements and announcements as from customers) Yammer) as and when required ΄ Through the whole period of the
and when required ΄ Customers continually updated on new ΄ Townhalls every quarter tendering process until the award stage
΄ Meetings and conferences take place product innovations ΄ Employee Engagement Survey
on an ongoing basis throughout every year
the year ΄ Corporate and department events and
΄ Annual or bi-annual Capital activities as and when required
Markets Day ΄ Meetings with Line Managers for
΄ Non-deal roadshows take place after performance appraisals twice a year
each quarterly reporting cycle and are
also organised on an ad-hoc basis as
required
΄ Corporate website updates as and
when required
Key issues/items ΄ Financial performance, strategy and ΄ Customer feedback and resolution ΄ Company and regional business ΄ Matters related to sourcing, ΄ Community collaboration and
operations update of services requested/required updates and achievements procurement and compliance of partnership opportunities
discussed
΄ Management guidances (e.g. dividends) ΄ Relationship building ΄ Individual career and skills applicable regulatory requirements ΄ Education on topics of interest
΄ Business opportunities development plans and compensation ΄ HSE standards
΄ Customer plans ΄ Sustainable supply chain practices
΄ New innovations ΄ Claims
΄ Pending payments
΄ Delays in delivering project milestones
΄ Project timeline execution
Any actions from these ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the
strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level,
discussions that have been
depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content
or will be implemented
How do you create value for ΄ Ensure shareholders are updated on ΄ Enhance knowledge of customers’ ΄ Access to senior management through ΄ Sustainable long-term relationships ΄ Provide employment opportunities
latest business performance, plans requirements by placing their needs in-person and virtual events and partnerships (e.g. Project STOP)
the stakeholders?
and outlook at the centre of all activities ΄ Personal and professional ΄ Provide access to basic sanitation
΄ Enable open communication and ΄ Provide a seamless customer development through on-the-job and (e.g. Water for the World project)
transparency with shareholders experience journey by improving instructor-led trainings ΄ Education and knowledge transfer for
΄ Return on investment processes, efficiency and response ΄ Provide sense of belonging and local communities
time to customers inclusivity
70 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p73] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Stakeholder Group Our Shareholders Our Customers Our Employees Our Suppliers and Contractors Communities
How do you engage? ΄ Earnings presentations and ΄ Regular customer visits or contacts by ΄ Internal communications (intranet, ΄ Site visits ΄ Public events, roadshows and activities
press releases Sales and Marketing employees, either newsletter, emails, MS Teams and ΄ Industry events and talks in the local communities and schools
΄ Ad-hoc press releases on key in person or virtually Yammer) ΄ Screening and assessments ΄ Corporate website
achievements and announcements ΄ Employees also record customer data ΄ Townhalls ΄ Joint projects
΄ Meetings and conferences with IR via Salesforce (customised Customer ΄ Employee Engagement Survey ΄ All communications being shared with
and senior management Relationship Management) platform ΄ Corporate and department events suppliers through a system called
΄ Annual General Meetings and activities ‘Borouge Ariba’ in terms of technical
΄ Capital Markets Day ΄ Meetings with Line Managers for and commercial clarifications and
΄ Non-deal roadshows performance appraisals contract awarding
΄ Corporate website ΄ Physical meetings or virtual meetings
How often do you engage? ΄ Quarterly investor earnings calls ΄ Ongoing two-way communication ΄ Internal communications (intranet, ΄ Ongoing two-way communication ΄ Ongoing initiatives
΄ Ad-hoc press releases on key maintained (feedback provided to and newsletter, emails, MS Teams and maintained
achievements and announcements as from customers) Yammer) as and when required ΄ Through the whole period of the
and when required ΄ Customers continually updated on new ΄ Townhalls every quarter tendering process until the award stage
΄ Meetings and conferences take place product innovations ΄ Employee Engagement Survey
on an ongoing basis throughout every year
the year ΄ Corporate and department events and
΄ Annual or bi-annual Capital activities as and when required
Markets Day ΄ Meetings with Line Managers for
΄ Non-deal roadshows take place after performance appraisals twice a year
each quarterly reporting cycle and are
also organised on an ad-hoc basis as
required
΄ Corporate website updates as and
when required
Key issues/items ΄ Financial performance, strategy and ΄ Customer feedback and resolution ΄ Company and regional business ΄ Matters related to sourcing, ΄ Community collaboration and
operations update of services requested/required updates and achievements procurement and compliance of partnership opportunities
discussed
΄ Management guidances (e.g. dividends) ΄ Relationship building ΄ Individual career and skills applicable regulatory requirements ΄ Education on topics of interest
΄ Business opportunities development plans and compensation ΄ HSE standards
΄ Customer plans ΄ Sustainable supply chain practices
΄ New innovations ΄ Claims
΄ Pending payments
΄ Delays in delivering project milestones
΄ Project timeline execution
Any actions from these ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the ΄ Actions will/have been taken at the
strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level, strategic or operational level,
discussions that have been
depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content depending on the discussion content
or will be implemented
How do you create value for ΄ Ensure shareholders are updated on ΄ Enhance knowledge of customers’ ΄ Access to senior management through ΄ Sustainable long-term relationships ΄ Provide employment opportunities
latest business performance, plans requirements by placing their needs in-person and virtual events and partnerships (e.g. Project STOP)
the stakeholders?
and outlook at the centre of all activities ΄ Personal and professional ΄ Provide access to basic sanitation
΄ Enable open communication and ΄ Provide a seamless customer development through on-the-job and (e.g. Water for the World project)
transparency with shareholders experience journey by improving instructor-led trainings ΄ Education and knowledge transfer for
΄ Return on investment processes, efficiency and response ΄ Provide sense of belonging and local communities
time to customers inclusivity
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 71

=== [AR2022.pdf p74] ===
72 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p75] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
GOVERNANCE
REPORT
Inside this Section
72-105
Corporate Governance 74
Board of Directors of the Company 76
Senior Management 79
Board Committees 80
Ethics and Compliance Report 82
Note: To view the full 2022 Corporate Governance Report
please visit: https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-
relations/Pages/reports-results.aspx
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 73

=== [AR2022.pdf p76] ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
GOVERNANCE RULES 27, 29, 32 (other than section 32(4) and, of certain provisions) referred to above and
The Board of Directors is committed to as it relates to the recording of conflicts the Group Management and Governance
standards of corporate governance that in board of director meeting minutes, Policy) are collectively referred to as the
are in line with international best practice. section 32(5)), 34, 35, 36(2), 38, 39, 40-48 “Governance Rules”.
(inclusive), 50, 52(2), 59(5), 59(6), 59(7),
In this respect, the Abu Dhabi Securities 59(10), 59(11), 59(12), 60(1), 61(20), 62(1), The Governance Rules require that at
Exchange (“ADX”) listing rules provide 65, 67(3)(B), 68(7) 71(2), 71(4), 80 and 82(1) least one-third of the Board must comprise
that the ADX may, as it deems appropriate, (B) and 82(C). The ADX also approved the non-executive independent directors in
decide to apply the Corporate Governance interpretation of a number of other provisions accordance with the criteria set out in the
Guide for Joint Stock Companies issued by of the SCA Governance Guide in a manner Governance Rules. The Governance Rules
the SCA pursuant to Decision No. 3/RM of consistent with the Companies Regulations define an independent member as a member
2020 (as amended) (the “SCA Governance and our Articles of Association. who has no relationship with the Company,
Code”) to financial free zone companies any member of its senior executive
(such as Borouge) which list on the ADX. In addition, the Board of Directors has management, its auditor, its parent company,
In this regard, the ADX has confirmed that adopted a group management and its subsidiaries, any sister company, or any
the SCA Governance Guide will generally governance policy (the “Group Management affiliate company in a manner that could lead
be applicable to Borouge, but it has also and Governance Policy”) which includes to financial or moral benefit which may affect
approved a request from Borouge that, various principles applicable to the their decisions, subject to certain exceptions
taking into account matters such as the management of the group and the make-up for directors with certain government links.
governance regime contained in Borouge’s of the Board, including that there must be The Board consists entirely of non-executive
articles of association and the fact that at least one woman director, the manner of directors (the “Non-Executive Directors”).
a number of topics are already regulated exercise of Borouge’s rights as a shareholder The Company regards H.E. Dr. Sultan
under the Abu Dhabi Global Market in PTE and the exercise of Borouge’s rights Ahmed Al Jaber, Khaled Salmeen, Abdulaziz
Companies Regulations 2020 (as amended) to appoint, remove and replace seven of Alhajri, Khaled Al Zaabi, Omar Al Farsi and
(“Companies Regulations”), certain the directors of PTE. The policy also governs Tasnim Ahnaish as “independent members
provisions of the SCA Governance Guide the appointment, removal and replacement of the Board” within the meaning of the
should be disapplied. In particular, the ADX of certain other Group personnel (including Governance Rules.
approved the disapplication of a number of the chief financial officer and chief operating
provisions of the SCA Governance Guide officer). In this Annual Report, the corporate Borouge’s articles of association further
including Articles 6(3), 6(4), 8(1), 8(2), governance rules applicable to Borouge require that the Board meet at least four
8(3)(A), 8(3)(F), 10(1), 12(2), 15, 16, 20-23 (taking into account the application of the times each year.
(inclusive), 24(5)(C), 24(9), 24(10), 25, 26(1), SCA Governance Code (and disapplication
74 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p77] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 75

=== [AR2022.pdf p78] ===
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
The Board of Directors consists of ten members, all of whom are
Non-Executive Directors and six of whom are independent Directors
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Thomas Gangl Khaled Salmeen Khaled Al Zaabi
Al Jaber
Chairperson Vice Chairperson Director Director
Date of Appointment
27 April 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2022
Independent
Yes* No Yes* Yes*
External Appointments
΄
Group Chief Executive Officer
΄
Chief Executive Officer of
΄
Executive Director of Downstream
΄
Acting Group Chief Financial
and Managing Director of ADNOC Borealis AG Industry, Marketing and Trading Officer of ADNOC
since February 2016
΄
World Energy Council Austria at ADNOC
΄
Member of the Board of Directors
΄
Member of the UAE Federal (WEC); Vice President of the
΄
Member of the Board of Directors of ADNOC Refining
Cabinet, Minister of Industry Board of Non-Executive Directors of ADNOC Logistics and Services,
and Advanced Technology,
΄
Austro-Arab Chamber of ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Gas,
and the UAE’s special envoy Commerce; Member of the Board ADNOC Global Trading, ADNOC
for climate change of Non-Executive Directors Distribution PJSC and Fertiglobe
΄
Chairman of Emirates
΄
World Business Council for
΄
Chairman of ADNOC Trading,
Development Bank Sustainable Development TA’ZIZ and ADNOC City Gas
΄
Board member to the Abu Dhabi (WBCSD); Member of the Board
Supreme Council for Financial of Non-Executive Directors
and Economic Affairs
΄
Federation of Austrian Industries,
΄
Chairman of the Board of Vienna; Member of the Board
Directors of ADNOC Sour Gas, of Non-Executive Directors
ADNOC Offshore, ADNOC
΄
Österreichischer Verband
Onshore, ADNOC Refining, CREDITREFORM (ÖVC);
ADNOC Gas, Fertiglobe, ADNOC Member of Advisory Council
Distribution, ADNOC Global
Trading, ADNOC Logistics and
Services, ADNOC Drilling
Company and Masdar
Committee Memberships
– –
Mr. Roger Brown was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company and ceased to hold office on 19 August 2022.
* Independent within the meaning of the Governance Rules.
76 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p79] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
COMMITTEES:
Audit Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Executive Committee
Chair of Committee
Abdulaziz Alhajri Omar Al Farsi Tasnim Ahnaish
Director Director Director
Date of Appointment
27 April 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2022
Independent
Yes* Yes* Yes*
External Appointments
Member of the Board of Directors of Senior Vice President Accounting, Vice President of ADNOC’s
ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Distribution Strategy Reporting and Tax at ADNOC Value Chain Optimisation and
and Arkan Building Materials PJSC Analytics function
Committee Memberships
– –
The business address of each of Directors is Part of Level 28, Level 28, Al Sarab Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square,
Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 77

=== [AR2022.pdf p80] ===
BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUED
COMMITTEES:
Audit Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Executive Committee
Chair of Committee
Mark J. S. Tonkens Philippe René M. Thomas Michael Boesen
Roodhooft
Director Director Director
Date of Appointment
27 April 2022 27 April 2022 27 April 2022
Independent
No No No
External Appointments
΄
Chief Financial Officer
΄
Executive Vice President
΄
Vice President Middle East
of Borealis AG Joint Ventures and Growth of Borealis AG
΄
Member of the Board of Directors Projects of Borealis AG,
΄
Member of the Board of Directors
of Bayport Polymers LLC
΄
Chairman of the Board of Borouge 4 LLC
of Directors of Bayport
Polymers LLC
Committee Memberships
78 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p81] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
In addition to the members of the Board of Directors, the day-to-day management
of the Company’s operations is conducted by its senior management team.
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Rainer Hoefling Jan-Martin Nufer Louis Roland R. Desal
Chief Executive Officer Chief Marketing Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer
Date of Appointment
10 May 2022 10 May 2022 1 November 2022 10 May 2022
Bio
΄
Joined Borouge in 2002 and has
΄
Chief Executive Officer of PTE
΄
Chief Financial Officer since
΄
Chief Operating Officer of ADP
over two decades of experience since November 2021 November 2022 since November 2017
in the petrochemical industry
΄
Joined Borealis in 2007 as
΄
Broad international experience
΄
Previously spent over 27 years in
΄
Chief Executive Officer of ADP Director of the Melamine Business in various finance roles, senior operations with Borealis where he
since January 2020 Unit and later served as Chief leadership and board positions held various leadership positions
΄
Formerly Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer of Borealis’ for more than 25 years, having including Senior Vice President
of Al Ruways Fertilizer Industries fertilisers, melamine and technical managed projects globally and of Operations Base Chemicals
LLC (Fertil) nitrogen business from October has led finance organisations where he was responsible for
΄
Previously Senior Vice President 2018 to November 2021 in a wide variety of set-ups the Hydrocarbon and Fertiliser
Regional MEAE and a member
΄
Appointed as interim Executive
΄
Formerly held various senior production units at different
of the Borouge Executive Team. Vice President Polyolefins and positions with Borealis for locations in Europe
He shaped Borouge’s strategy, Innovation and Technology in 16 years
΄
Appointed as the Head of the
international expansion April 2018
΄
Closely involved with Borouge Process Safety Leadership team
activities, and achieved
΄
Board member of Singapore from the shareholder side since for the European locations of the
record-breaking sales Chemical Industry Council Limited 2007 for Borouge 2, 3 and 4 Borealis Group
΄
Currently a board member of
΄
Founding board member of ACTA,
the Gulf Petrochemicals and the Austrian Corporate Treasury
Chemicals Association (GPCA) Association and and Deputy Chair
of EACT, the European Corporate
Treasury Association
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 79

=== [AR2022.pdf p82] ===
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three permanent remain with the Board. The Audit Committee Board in determining its responsibilities in
committees – an Audit Committee, a gives due consideration to the applicable relation to remuneration, including making
Nomination and Remuneration Committee laws and regulations of the UAE, the ADGM, recommendations to the Board on the
(each subject to the composition requirements the SCA and the ADX. Company’s policy on executive remuneration
of the Governance Rules) and an Executive and decisions on certain of the Group’s
Committee. If the need should arise, and The Audit Committee Terms of Reference human capital policies, setting the
subject to the Articles of Association, the requires that the Audit Committee must overarching principles, parameters and
Board may set up additional committees comprise six members. At least three governance framework of our remuneration
as appropriate. In accordance with the members of the Audit Committee must policy and overseeing remuneration and
Governance Rules, the Chairperson of the be Non-Executive Directors (of whom at benefits packages.
Board of Directors is not permitted to be a least two must be independent). In addition,
member of either the Audit Committee or the at least one member is required to have The Board has delegated to the Nomination
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. practical audit, finance or accounting and Remuneration Committee decisions
experience. The Audit Committee is chaired in relation to the appointment, removal and
Our Articles of Association state that the by one of the independent members and replacement of personnel reporting directly
composition of the Audit Committee and the includes other members elected by the to the Company’s chief executive officer,
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Board from time to time. The members senior vice-presidents of the Group and
will be as specified in the relevant terms of the Audit Committee are appointed management personnel reporting directly
of reference adopted by the Board of in accordance with the relevant terms of to the Group’s senior vice-presidents.
Directors from time to time, and that the reference. The Audit Committee meets not
membership of the Executive Committee less than four times per year. All members of The Nomination and Remuneration
will reflect, as closely as possible and the Audit Committee are required to comply Committee Terms of Reference require
also on a proportional basis, representation with the Group’s information sharing protocol that the Nomination and Remuneration
of the larger director groups on our Board. which sets out guidelines on matters relating Committee must comprise four members.
The director groups are determined in to the sharing of material non-public At least three of the Nomination and
accordance with Borouge’s Articles of information and insider trading. Remuneration Committee members
Association and, broadly, the allocation of will need to be Non-Executive Directors
each director to a group depending upon The Audit Committee takes appropriate (of whom at least two will need to be
the identity of the shareholder who cast steps to ensure that the Company’s external independent), in each case within the
the most votes for that director when he auditors are independent of the Company meaning of those terms in the Governance
or she was elected. Further details are as required by applicable law. Rules. The Chairperson of the Nomination
set out in the Articles of Association. and Remuneration Committee is chosen
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION from among the independent committee
AUDIT COMMITTEE COMMITTEE members. The members of the Nomination
The Audit Committee assists the Board The Nomination and Remuneration and Remuneration Committee are appointed
in discharging its responsibilities relating Committee assists the Board in setting in accordance with the Articles of Association.
to financial reporting, external and internal and overseeing the nomination and The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
audits and controls, including reviewing remuneration policies in respect of the meets at least four times per year, and
and monitoring the integrity of our financial Board1, any committees of the Board and otherwise from time to time based on the
statements, reviewing and monitoring the senior management. In such capacity, it is Company’s requirements. All members of the
extent of the non audit work undertaken responsible for evaluating certain matters Nomination and Remuneration Committee
by external auditors, advising on the relating to Borouge’s executive management, are required to comply with the Group’s
appointment of external auditors, overseeing evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge information sharing protocol which sets
the relationship with our external auditors, and experience of the Board and committees out guidelines on matters relating to the
reviewing the effectiveness of the external of the Board and, in particular, monitoring sharing of material non-public information
audit process, and reviewing the effectiveness the independent status of the independent and insider trading.
of our internal control review function. The Directors. In addition, and subject to the
ultimate responsibility for reviewing and Articles of Association, the Nomination
approving the annual report and accounts and Remuneration Committee assists the
1 The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is also approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
80 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p83] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE transactions, various other decisions
The Executive Committee assists the Board are reserved for the Executive Committee,
in discharging its responsibilities, including including the approval, amendment or
the Company’s commercial performance. termination of Group policies pertaining
The Board has delegated to the Executive to finance, budget and business planning,
Committee approval of related party procurement, investment and business
transactions. However, certain related party continuity. The Executive Committee also
transactions will not require such approval receives information and reporting relating
(including transactions entered into pursuant to the business and operations of the Group.
to related party agreements, which already All members of the Executive Committee
exist on and prior to the date of listing of the are required to comply with the Group’s
company on the ADX). Decisions regarding information sharing protocol which sets out
related party transactions are generally guidelines on matters relating to the sharing
taken by way of a vote of non-conflicted of non-public confidential information and
committee members. However, in certain insider trading.
circumstances, all members of the Executive
Committee will be entitled to vote on these The Executive Committee Terms of
matters including (without limitation) related Reference requires that the Executive
party transactions entered into in relation Committee must comprise five members.
any proposed acquisition of the business The Executive Committee meets once
or assets, or any proposed acquisition a month.
of any shares in the capital of Borouge 4
LLC, the purchase of polyolefin technology
licenses, certain research and development
matters and certain other ordinary course
transactions. Along with related party
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 81

=== [AR2022.pdf p84] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
Becoming the world’s
most
trusted and respected
petrochemical company
World-class businesses are founded on the highest ethical standards of conduct.
We have created a culture that promotes trust and nurtures relationships and ethical
conduct by focusing on transparency and respect, which is at the core of our values.
Our journey to become the world’s most trusted and respected petrochemical
company guides everything we do.
Our trust agenda is essential to how we BOROUGE’S CODE OF CONDUCT
deliver on our purpose and create long-term Borouge is committed to operating its
value for both shareholders and society, and business with the highest ethical standards
is a priority for maintaining a responsible and and practices. Ethics and our values are
sustainable business for Borouge. Central tightly kneaded into the principles by which
to this mission is responsible leadership, we operate. Our Code of Conduct guides
and for Borouge, responsible leadership is our business, requiring ethical behaviour
focused on driving value for the organisation and integrity in everything we do. It is the
while honouring the Borouge values. foundation of all compliance policies and,
fundamentally, it helps us maintain the trust
Driven by the highest levels of the Company, we have built with our employees, customers
our Board of Directors, CEO, executive and suppliers. The Code outlines the ethical
management and senior leadership set standards expected of everyone wherever
the tone from the top and provide their we do business.
strong commitment to ensuring Borouge
maintains and promotes ethically responsible The Code of Conduct:
leadership and Borouge operates with ΄ requires our people to act ethically
the highest level of ethical standards in and responsibly with integrity;
our daily operations. The Borouge Ethics ΄ establishes a culture of openness, trust,
and Compliance team is entrusted to drive and integrity in our business practices;
the Ethics and Compliance programme ΄ defines roles, responsibilities, and
in furtherance of our trust agenda. accountabilities; and
΄ maintains the expectations of adherence to
business ethics in all Company practices.
Our Code of Conduct is updated regularly
to reflect the changing risk environment in
which we operate. Annually, every employee
must confirm to Borouge that they will
comply with all aspects of the Code and
pass a knowledge test at the end of the
Code of Conduct training.
82 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p85] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
The Code of Conduct also applies to every
individual and contractor who works for, or
represents us, worldwide. For third parties,
we have similar ethical expectations to
our employees which are provided in our
Third Party Code of Conduct.
The Borouge Code of Conduct, last
refreshed in 2021, can be downloaded
on our corporate website as below:
https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-
relations/Documents/Corporate%20
governance%20Documents/Code%20of%20
Conduct_EN_v11.pdf
CODE OF CONDUCT
OUR EVERYDAY GUIDE TO OUR SUCCESS
The Borouge Third Party Code of Conduct
can be downloaded on our corporate
website as below:
https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-
relations/Documents/Corporate%20
governance%20Documents/Code%20of%20
Conduct_EN%20Final.pdf
THIRD PARTY
CODE OF CONDUCT
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 83

=== [AR2022.pdf p86] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
THE BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE FRAMEWORK AND PROGRAMME
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance Framework is centered around the Borouge Code
of Conduct and our Core Values. This framework provides a comprehensive and robust
approach to ensure that our Ethics and Compliance Programme, based on The Committee
of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) internal control integrated
framework, is aligned with the highest level of international standards and best practices
(e.g. the United States Sentencing Commission’s Guidelines on the Seven Elements of an
Effective Compliance Programme), and in compliance with the latest regulatory requirements.
G RISK
N G
RI ASSESSMENT O
T O DETECTING V E
NI ISSUES & GOVERNANCE, R N
M O CORRECTIVE OVERSIGHT A N
ACTIONS & CULTURE C E
DISCIPLINARY
WRITTEN
GUIDELINES BOROUGE
STANDARDS
& ACTIONS CODE OF
CONDUCT/
CORE
VALUES
REPORTING &
WHISTLEBLOWING COMMUNICATIONS
MECHANISM
MONITORING
TRAINING &
AND CONTINUOUS
AWARENESS
IMPROVEMENT
IMPLEMENTATION
84 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p87] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Asse R s is s k m ent St W an ri d tt a e r n d s M Im C on o p i n r t o o ti v r n i e n u m g o u e a n s n t d
Risk assessment is the identification and Our written standards are (e.g. policies, Periodic, risk based independent monitoring
analysis of the relevant Borouge Ethics and procedures, guidelines, standard operating and testing is conducted by the Borouge
Compliance risks in relation to Company procedures) documents that set forth how Ethics and Compliance team to ensure that
goals and objectives, forming a basis the processes should be carried out in areas of high risk are proactively monitored
for determining how the risks should be a compliant manner consistent with the on a regular basis. Continuous improvement
managed. As business dynamics change, Borouge’s Code of Conduct, our core initiatives are conducted if control gaps are
these risks are periodically updated to values and management directives. detected from monitoring results or there are
reflect the latest risk exposure to Borouge. repeated incidences of control weaknesses.
Communications
Governance, Reporting &
Oversight and Whistleblowing
Culture Mechanism
Effective communication and information
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance sharing related to company expectations Borouge encourages and promotes an
programme is overseen by a strong on values driven leadership and behaviour open, honest and transparent culture as
governance framework that include is critical as it enables Borouge employees part of our commitment to our core values.
the Borouge Board of Directors, Audit to carry out their responsibilities aligned Anyone who works with or for Borouge and
Committee, executive management with the Borouge Ethics and Compliance has concerns about unethical behaviours
and the CEO. The Board has designated standards. Effective communication and in connection with the business of Borouge
the responsibility of day to day oversight information sharing in Borouge occurs can report it in confidence and without
to the company’s CEO, who in turn has when all Borouge personnel receive risk of retaliation. Takallam (which means
designated this responsibility to the Senior clear messages from executive and senior “to speak” in Arabic) is an anonymous
Vice President, Corporate Governance. management that ethics and compliance Reporting and Whistleblowing Helpline run
The Head, Ethics, Compliance & Risk responsibilities must be taken seriously by an independent third party, on behalf of
reports to the SVP, Corporate Governance and ingrained in everything that we do Borouge. It allows anyone inside or outside
and manages the Borouge Ethics and on a daily basis. Borouge to raise business ethics and
Compliance programme on an operational integrity concerns involving Borouge
level, supported by a team of Ethics & employees or third parties working with or
Compliance and Governance, Risk, & Training & for Borouge. All reports made are subject
Compliance (GRC) professionals. The Awareness to strict confidentiality rules regarding the
Borouge Ethics and Compliance team is identity of the whistleblower. The Borouge
responsible for deploying and updating Borouge Ethics and Compliance lead Ethics and Compliance Committee ensures
policies and procedures, promoting and year round training and awareness sessions that the identity of the whistleblower will
ensuring compliance with the Company’s via multiple modes of communication (e.g. remain as confidential as possible while
Code of Conduct and all legal and regulatory e-Learning module, emails communications allowing for investigation and appropriate
requirements across all jurisdictions where and targeted workshops) to ensure that our remedial action to proceed.
Borouge operates. Borouge also has two employees and third parties understand
Ethics & Compliance Committees (ECCs), clearly the company’s expectations. We
one in the Middle East and another in strongly believe that the more educated Disciplinary
Guidelines &
Asia, which together with the Borouge and aware our employees are of the risks Actions
Ethics and Compliance team, both aim we face in our daily business, the easier it
to promote standards of conduct, and will be to detect and deter unethical practices When there are substantiated violations of
prevent, detect and correct non-compliance and protect our business from unnecessary corporate policies or ethical misconduct,
within the organisation. exposure. Therefore, our commitment the Investigation Committee, with oversight
to continuous and ongoing Ethics and from the Ethics & Compliance Committee
The Borouge organisational environment Compliance training is a commitment will make a recommendation to the CEO
reflects the culture and values of the that we take seriously. on the relevant disciplinary procedures.
Company that are brought to life by the If endorsed by the CEO, HR will implement
strong tone at the top with the Borouge 2022 Ethics and Compliance Training the disciplinary actions according to the
Board of Directors, executive management, and Awareness Sessions local disciplinary process.
and senior leaders all the way down to In 2022, our employees have been trained
employees that commit to uphold the on a wide spectrum of Ethics and Compliance
Detecting
corporate values through compliance to topics and risk areas, to ensure they are well Issues &
our policies and demonstrate high levels armed to continue to defend and safeguard Corrective
Actions
of ethics, integrity, and behaviours in our business to the farthest extent.
everything that we do. ΄ Borouge Code of Conduct When violations of corporate polices or
΄ Anti-Bribery & Corruption ethical misconduct occur, to ensure that the
΄ Anti-Money Laundering misconduct will not be repeated, corrective
΄ Conflict of Interest actions are put in place to avoid potential
΄ Data Privacy & Personal Data Protection repeated issues in the future. To the extent
΄ Ethics & Compliance Induction the weakness can be eliminated, Borouge
΄ Fraud Risks Ethics and Compliance team will assist the
΄ Gifts & Entertainment relevant functions to ensure robust corrective
΄ Insider Information actions are implemented.
΄ Sanctions & Export Control
΄ Sanctions Recusal
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 85

=== [AR2022.pdf p88] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
In this report, we will focus on describing Borouge’s 2022 key risk areas in relation
to Business Ethics. The Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) function monitors key
risks associated with our dynamic business environment and global trends to adapt
and stay relevant with evolving and emerging risk areas. Below are the key risk areas
managed under Borouge E&C, with details in the following respective sections.
2022 BOROUGE COMPLIANCE KEY RISK AREAS
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Money Laundering &
Conflicts of Interest Gifts & Entertainment
Corruption (ABAC) Counter Terrorist Financing
Ensuring we comply with Ensuring we conduct Ensuring conflict free Ensuring we go to the farthest
all applicable ABAC laws business in a conflict practices related to gifting extent to combat money
and regulations in each free manner is of utmost and entertainment practices laundering and terrorist
jurisdiction we operate in importance to Borouge. is essential to ethical business financing schemes.
is of utmost importance conduct for Borouge.
to Borouge.
Third-Party Risk Borouge Data
Fraud Risk Management Sanctions & Export Controls
Management Analytics Programme
Ensuring we have a robust Ensuring we use an advanced Periodically evaluating our Ensuring we comply with all
and effective way to manage data driven compliance existing and emerging fraud applicable and evolving
who we do business with and programme which ensures risk exposure and preventing sanctions and export controls
which third parties represent we can detect unethical fraud of any kind across the regulations in all jurisdictions
us is of utmost importance behaviour in our transactions. organisation is of utmost where we operate is of utmost
to Borouge. importance to Borouge. importance to Borouge.
Internal Controls over Whistleblowing, Inside Information
Data Privacy
Financial Reporting and Investigation and Ethics Management and
& Protection
Internal Controls Framework & Compliance Committee Insider Dealing
Periodically assessing, Maintaining employee and Maintaining confidentiality, Ensuring we comply with
mitigating and reporting on third parties’ trust in how we discretion and capital markets and securities
the design and effectiveness manage and process data as professionalism in managing regulations related to Inside
of internal controls in the well as ensuring compliance whistleblowing matters is Information and Insider
Borouge environment. with data protection laws in paramount to maintaining Dealing is of utmost
each of the countries where trust of our employees and importance to Borouge.
we operate in is of utmost third parties.
importance to Borouge.
Governance Risk &
Compliance (GRC) function
Ensuring we maintain high
levels of governance and
security to the Borouge
Crown Jewels is of utmost
importance to Borouge.
86 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p89] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
ANTI-BRIBERY & CORRUPTION (ABAC) Specific guidelines are also highlighted for Borouge continues to promote a high level
At Borouge, we are committed to doing Borouge employees who engage in political of ABAC awareness through a robust training
business lawfully, ethically and with or charitable activities or make political and communication programme. In 2022,
integrity, and we expect all our employees or charitable donations. Any potential Borouge Ethics and Compliance team rolled
and representatives to act accordingly. activities/donations undertaken by Borouge out a mandatory ABAC e-Learning module
Consistent with this commitment, we take employees must be in their personal to all employees. The goals and objectives
a zero-tolerance approach to fraud, bribery capacity, should not be carried out during of the Borouge ABAC e-Learning module
and all other forms of corruption. Borouge company time, should not involve Borouge include the following:
fully complies with the applicable bribery resources, premises or funds and must ΄ Identifying common ABAC risks and
and corruption laws and regulations in each comply with the applicable laws. create awareness of bribery and
jurisdiction in which we operate, as part of corruption risk
our efforts to maintain strong and effective It is also every employee’s responsibility ΄ Recognising the critical role that Borouge
compliance controls. to ensure accurate books and records employees play in preventing bribery
are maintained, which helps to detect and corruption
Our Anti-Corruption compliance programme and prevent bribery and corruption. All ΄ Understanding key elements and negative
is based on our values, the Borouge Code transactions should be recorded promptly implications of Bribery and Corruption
of Conduct, Anti-Bribery and Corruption and in compliance with our internal controls. ΄ Identifying the reporting channel for
(“ABAC”) Policy, risk management, internal escalation and reporting of bribery and
and external communications, internal and Borouge has implemented robust controls corruption instances.
external training, monitoring and oversight and processes to mitigate risk related to
and reporting to safeguard our business and third parties we work with. As part of our We have achieved 100% completion for this
to prevent and prohibit improper practices, Anti-Bribery and Corruption monitoring ABAC module, where 100% of employees
as well as educate our employees and third activities, Borouge utilises data analytics tools passed the integrated knowledge quiz at the
parties on these legal requirements. to test corruption exposure using historical end of the module.
transactions on a rolling three-year basis
The Borouge Anti-Bribery and Corruption covering the entire organisation including Asia
Policy applies both to public and private South, Asia North and MEAE. Red flags are
sectors and sets out our requirements to raised on any unusual or suspicious activity to
ensure that none of our employees or third the Ethics and Compliance team who conduct
party representatives engage in any of these detailed analysis and investigate any unusual
activities. It also highlights the key guidelines ABAC transactions. Over the last four years,
relating to any interactions with government including in 2022, Borouge did not identify any
officials and prohibits facilitation payments, bribery and corruption related transactions
both of which are considered high risk based on the testing performed.
from a corruption perspective. Facilitation
payments are a type of bribe generally
used to facilitate or expedite the performance
of routine, non-discretionary government
action. These payments are not permissible
and are strictly prohibited.
Borouge takes a Zero-Tolerance approach towards
fraud, bribery, money laundering and all other
forms of corruption.
100%
Borouge employees have undertaken the 2022
Anti-Bribery & Corruption training and passed
the knowledge test
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 87

=== [AR2022.pdf p90] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (COI) or external governance role, our External As part of the declaration process, the
Borouge’s best interests are the paramount Board Declaration process, requires the Borouge Ethics and Compliance team has
consideration in all business transactions. employee to provide detailed information implemented a mandatory online Conflict
A conflict of interest can occur where our regarding the appointed position (e.g. of Interest declaration process, where
employee, a member of our employee’s remuneration, terms of reference, capacity every employee is required to declare the
family or a close friend or connection are in which they are serving – personal or as existence of any conflict of interest on an
involved in activities that could hinder or a representative of Borouge – and term of annual basis.
impair the employee from making objective the role). This External Board Declaration
decisions in the best interest of Borouge and assessment will determine if such a position The Borouge Ethics and Compliance team
when performing their duties. Every situation represents a real or potential conflict, and reviews and clears each conflict of interest
must be considered and navigated with whether it detracts or competes in any submitted and the employee’s line
an unyielding, Borouge-centric focus. material way from the employee’s ability management is informed.
Any activity, transaction, or relationship to fulfil their commitments to Borouge, any
that raises a potential conflict of interest time commitment required, and potential The review process includes a detailed
should be avoided. liabilities and responsibilities associated analysis of the potential conflict, and detailed
with the outside directorship. The boards documentation on the rationale for clearing,
Other forms of conflicts of interest are or governance committees they serve must mitigating or other actions required as part
also managed including potential conflicts not compete with Borouge’s business in of the conclusion. Employees are required
of interest in the case of supervisory any way, and the employee must attest to acknowledge their understanding of the
relationships. In particular, we must avoid and sign a declaration form which states detailed analysis, key considerations and
all direct or indirect supervision (up to two that the employee is prevented from sharing sign off on the COI analysis acknowledging
levels below) of family members or friends, any confidential or inside information their agreement with the outcome and
employees must be appraised solely on about Borouge as a part of their external recommended actions if any. Their line
their talent and merit and we should go to appointment. It is every employee’s duty managers are briefed on the conflict and
the farthest extent to prevent any favouritism. to ensure that their outside activities, even asked to monitor their duties and activities
Conflicts of interest must also be avoided to charitable or pro bono activities, paid or to ensure that their direct report maintains
prevent inappropriate influence on decisions unpaid, do not constitute a conflict of interest a conflict-free status.
regarding career changes (transfers, or are otherwise inconsistent with
assignments, promotions), assessments employment obligations in Borouge.
(performance evaluations, talent reviews),
or compensation and benefits related Our Conflicts of Interest Policy sets out
to any family member or friend. our requirements regarding the avoidance
and management of conflicts of interest that
We understand that our employees, officers may arise as a result of activities outside
and directors will engage in legitimate social, of employment with Borouge, including the
financial and business activities outside avoidance of situations that appear to be a
the scope of their work for us. For example, conflict of interest. Under this policy, conflicts
we recognise that our employees may of interest must be promptly disclosed so
be engaged in community service in their that the necessary steps are taken to
local communities or in various charitable address, mitigate or remove the Conflict
activities. Our employees may also serve of Interest. We encourage employees to
on various external Boards and governance be as transparent as possible and disclose
committees or serve on external research any actual or perceived Conflict of Interest
committees. If any Borouge employee is a so that the appropriate course of action can
member of an external Board or Committee be taken to protect Borouge’s interests.
88 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p91] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
In 2022, 100% of employees completed GIFTS & ENTERTAINMENT As Borouge operates in many regions,
such an attestation. For those reporting a A common form of bribery and corruption the policy also highlights the need for
potential conflict, 100% were cleared from or conflicts of interest is the inappropriate awareness of cross cultural differences
their respective conflicts whether stemming giving or receiving of gifts and entertainment. in what may be considered appropriate
from External Board appointments or In Borouge, the general principle is that one in giving or accepting gifts. Giving and
other potential conflicts of interest and the may not solicit, give or receive, either directly receiving gifts during festive seasons
necessary actions were taken to mitigate or indirectly, any gifts or entertainment if it is or giving donations during special events
any potential conflict of interest. perceived and/or can influence the judgment (for example: a funeral wake) is culturally
of the recipient or create an obligation to acceptable and common practice in some
Borouge provides continuous communication return the favour. As a matter of practice, parts of the world. In such situations, failure
to all employees yearlong regarding the Borouge employees should politely decline to give or accept a gift could be viewed
importance of avoiding potential conflicts or refuse offers of gifts or entertainment as negative and could damage Borouge’s
of interest. In 2022, the Borouge Ethics where possible. Gifts and entertainment relationship with the party. Under such
and Compliance team sent quarterly should be defined in the broadest sense conditions, with our limits in mind, these
communications with scenarios and common to include monetary and non-monetary cultural gifts could be allowable with strong
pitfalls watch-outs to avoid any potential items, and under no circumstances should rationale and appropriate levels of approval.
conflict situation. cash or cash equivalents ever be offered
to or accepted from another individual. It is also important to note that gifts &
Borouge also conducts ongoing awareness entertainment with Public/Government
sessions on Conflict of Interest as part of The Borouge Gift and Entertainment Policy Officials is strictly prohibited. However,
E&C training programmes. In 2022, targeted details the acceptable practices, monetary in an exceptional case, a prior approval
Conflict of Interest training workshops were limits with corresponding approvals/ from Borouge Ethics and Compliance
conducted with the employees in the select declaration requirements and reporting team is required.
business regions. This provided participants violations related to Gifts & Entertainment
a better understanding of potential and activities. In the event where gifts or As part of our Borouge Gift and Entertainment
perceived localised Conflict of Interest entertainment are required to make valuable monitoring and control reviews, Borouge
scenarios and how to manage if such contributions towards good business maintains a Gift and Entertainment register
situations arise. relationships, they should not be given where all employees are required to declare
or received on such a scale or occasion any gift and/or entertainment given or
that it could be construed as an inducement accepted. Borouge Ethics and Compliance
to do business or can bias the decision team performs periodic reviews on the register
making especially during sensitive events with the expense reports independently
such as open tender, contract awards, obtained from Finance to ensure that the
contact renewals or audits. nature and amount of these gift and
entertainment expenses are aligned with
our Borouge policy and the declared value
on the Gift and Entertainment register.
Conflict of Interest E&C Review and Clearance
100% 100% 100%
Borouge employees have Conflict of Interest External Board Declarations
completed 2022 annual disclosures have been are reviewed and cleared.
Confict of Interest resolved and mitigated.
disclosures.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 89

=== [AR2022.pdf p92] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
In 2022, we noted that while the number We have implemented a robust AML Cash intensive businesses are of particular
of G&E registrations remained the same in Compliance programme with robust controls risk due to the difficulties of identifying the
the previous year, there was a 20% decrease to combat money laundering and terrorist originating source of funds and potential
in the monetary value of each gift. This financing schemes including: financial layering. It is common for perpetrators
reduction indicates a trend towards the ΄ The Head of Ethics, Compliance & Risk is to integrate cash proceeds of crime into
declining monetary amount of each gift the Money Laundering Reporting Officer legitimate income streams or payments.
and entertainment resulting in reduced risk (MRLO) for Borouge. As such, we have taken steps to eliminate all
exposure and stronger understanding of our ΄ The Borouge Ethics and Compliance team cash payments from our customers over the
G&E policy by our employees. It should be have extensive knowledge of anti-money last few years. Over the last four years, we have
noted that the monetary value of these G&E laundering laws, standards and practices, monitored cash payments on a quarterly basis.
transactions were all within acceptable limits. controls and monitoring, and have the In 2022, we have not received any cash
skills and ability to identify AML risks and payments from our customers.
In addition, in 2022 our controls were implement appropriate mitigation plans.
further enhanced by integrating the Gift and ΄ Implementation of the Anti-Money Due to the high risk nature and importance
Entertainment declaration with the Borouge Laundering Policy which sets out our of ensuring all our employees understand
Finance claims approval process. The approach to ensure that we comply with all and comply with the Anti-Money Laundering
Borouge Ethics and Compliance team, applicable laws and regulations to prevent Policy and relevant laws and regulations, in
working closely with the Finance department, money laundering and terrorist financing. 2022, we have trained 100% of our employees
have established a process where all Gift ΄ Implementation of appropriate processes whom had passed the AML certification test.
and Entertainment expenses submitted by to conduct due diligence on all third parties. In doing so, our employees have been made
Borouge employees requires the evidence ΄ Implementation of strong controls aware that they should not knowingly facilitate
of the Borouge Gift and Entertainment in the accounts receivable process either money laundering or terrorist financing
declaration documentation; creating and procedures. activities directly or when dealing with
a closed-loop control. As a result of this ΄ Conducted extensive training of our customers or business partners and they
enhancement, there is a heightened sales teams to ensure they work with should remain vigilant and go the farthest
awareness of the importance of adherence our customers to avoid cash payments extent possible to prevent and they must
and compliance with the Borouge Gift of any kind (see related details on take steps to prevent the inadvertent use
and Entertainment requirements, and cash transactions). of Borouge’s business activities for money
limits opportunities to circumvent controls ΄ Eliminated all cash transactions laundering and terrorist financing activities.
to submit an expense claim for gifting, with third parties (see related details
without a corresponding gift declaration. on cash transactions).
΄ Conducted data analytics testing on Borouge Anti-Money
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND all transactions over the last three years Laundering training
COUNTER-TERRORISM FINANCING on a rolling basis to analyse and monitor
Consistent with the Borouge values and against AML related activities (see data
the Borouge Code of Conduct, Borouge analytics section for further details).
100%
takes a zero-tolerance approach to all ΄ Conducted monitoring and reporting
forms of money laundering. suspicious activities whenever
deemed appropriate. Borouge employees
We are committed to the international fight ΄ Implemented effective communication
have undertaken the 2022
against money laundering and terrorism and training (see details in training section).
financing and we comply with the applicable ΄ Retained detailed transactional Anti-Money Laundering
Anti-Money Laundering/Counter-Terrorism records as required. training and passed
Financing (AML/CTF) Laws and regulations the knowledge test.
to deter criminal enterprise and go to the
farthest extent to protect the company
in the countries where we do business.
90 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p93] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
They are also aware that if they should Third-party Risk Programme
observe any suspicious activity, they should
report this immediately to the Ethics and
Compliance team for further investigation.
Integrity Due Enhanced Due
Over the last four years, including in 2022, Diligence Diligence
Borouge has not identified any instances
of money laundering or counter-terrorism
financing.
THIRD-PARTY RISK MANAGEMENT
Borouge is committed to conducting
business ethically, lawfully, and with the
highest levels of integrity when engaging
with various third parties, including, but not
limited to, customers, suppliers, contractors, Key Business Partners Borouge Third-Party
logistics vendors, legal and advisory firms
as a part of Borouge’s global value chain. (Distributor/Agent) Ethics and Compliance
Compliance Review Self-Certification
THIRD PARTY RISK PROGRAMMES
As such, at Borouge, the Ethics and Programme
Compliance Team has implemented
the following key initiatives and controls
to manage our Third Party Risks:
Integrity Due-Diligence
Borouge has established an Integrity Due
Diligence (IDD) policy which sets out the Borouge Third-Party Data Analytics on
risk based criteria used to review each third
Code of Conduct, Third-Party Risks
party. This IDD process forms the backbone
the Borouge Third Party risk review process Awareness &
and is a pre-requisite to our onboarding
Monitoring
and registration process.
In 2021, 9,547 third parties were screened
and cleared, and in 2022, 1,113 additional
new third parties were screened and cleared
under the IDD review process as part of the
Borouge Third Party onboarding process.
Once screened, these third parties are Enhanced Due-Diligence
In addition, the Borouge Ethics and
continuously monitored on a daily basis,
Compliance Team conducts Enhanced
which includes any potential adverse changes
Due Diligence (EDD) reviews on entities
to the status of these third parties and any
where IDD results represent high business
red flag raised is routed to the Borouge Ethics
risk, for example, the appointment of key
and Compliance team for further reviews.
business partners for approval by the Board.
By conducting the enhanced due diligence,
This continuous monitoring and systematic
this provides Borouge Management
screening process provides the assurance
assurance through such comprehensive
to Borouge senior management and
reviews that our key business partners
stakeholders engaging with these third
are aligned with the same Ethics and
parties that their business partners are being
Compliance standards as Borouge and
screened from an Ethics and Compliance
there are no identified potential adverse
risk perspective, both at on boarding and
Ethics and Compliance consequences
on a continual basis.
when engaging these key business partners.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 91

=== [AR2022.pdf p94] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team as a valued
partner to our Circular Economy business
“Circular economy is a key focus area in Borouge’s Sustainability The Borouge Ethics and Compliance team has also proven
Strategy, and Borouge is transforming our business to drive a to be an invaluable partner to the Borouge CES team as we
future positive revolution to benefit society and create a positive began to develop new business relationships across our value
impact on the planet through circularity. chain. In reviewing potential recyclate partners, the E&C team
conducted in-depth reviews and analyses to ensure that the
The Borouge Circular Economy Solutions (CES) team was set-up control environments were equivalent to our own. Any potential
to develop a new business offering a differentiated product adverse observations noted in these reviews were highlighted
portfolio which focuses on Sustainable Packaging Solutions to the CES team and the Borouge E&C team worked closely
and recycled PO as part of Borouge’s overall drive in our with our potential recyclate partners to ensure the gap and
circular transformation. deficiencies were being resolved satisfactorily before Borouge
continued to engage further.
As part of this strategic transformation, the Borouge Ethics and
Compliance (E&C) team played an integral and crucial role in this The outstanding and proactive steps taken by the E&C enabled
landmark journey alongside the Borouge CES team as we explore the CES team to build a firm and solid foundation as we actively
new business models and develop business relationships across grow our CES partnership portfolio. We were deeply impressed
our value chain (converters, recyclers and brand owners) in the with the E&C team’s knowledge and how to translate that
regions in building our portfolio in the circular economy space. understanding to tangible actions that support the implementation
of our circular economy strategy which is a vital part of our
During the initial phase of the CES setup, we were fortunate to successful Circular Economy transformation. We look forward
have Borouge E&C team as a trusted partner in the rollout of the to the continuous and invaluable support and partnering from
differentiated CES business model, as the business model varied the Borouge E&C team as Borouge’s drive to provide a long-term
from the standard Borouge model. The Borouge E&C Team future positive environmental impact in line with our position as
demonstrated their in-depth knowledge and expertise to ensure a responsible petrochemicals producer.”
that key ethics and compliance requirements and considerations
were incorporated in the CES business model from the outset. Pratyush Bandyopadhyay
This helped the CES team identify and address any potential Head, Global Marketing, Packaging & Circular Economy
Ethics & Compliance risks in the business model initiation phase,
highlighting the importance of Ethics and Compliance in the
Borouge circular economy transformation journey.
92 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p95] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Key Business Partners (Distributor/Agent)
Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) Compliance Review
As part of the Borouge Third Party Ethics
team as a valued partner to MEAE and Compliance programme, Borouge also
performs reviews on selected key Borouge
Sales region business partners (such as distributors)
to assess their overall compliance
with international regulatory and legal
“Developing winning sales strategies and partnering closely with customers and
requirements as well as Borouge’s
business partners is crucial in evolving our business to the next level. Doing so with
policies and procedures. Any control
the highest level of business integrity and ethics is essential, to ensure that our growth
gaps, deficiencies and recommended
and success is done in the most sustainable and ethical fashion aligned with the
enhancements are discussed and agreed
Borouge values.
with their senior management and all
mitigation actions are tracked to completion.
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team plays an integral and crucial role
in ensuring that the customers and business partners for our MEAE sales region are
Borouge Third Party Ethics and
held to the highest standards of business integrity and ethics.
Compliance (E&C) Self-Certification
Programme
In addition, for our strategic distributors, the Borouge E&C teams perform in-depth
In 2022, Borouge also rolled out a third
reviews of their Compliance programmes ensuring their controls environments are
party E&C self-certification programme
equivalent to our own. Any control gaps and deficiencies are presented to their senior
where key indirect channel sales customers
management and they are required to develop the necessary controls in order to
were required to perform a self-assessment
continue business with Borouge. By doing so, the Borouge E&C team are not only
on their Ethics and Compliance programme
setting the standards in the MEAE region, but also assisting the distributors to develop
based on a minimum set of standards
their programmes to those high standards which are highly admirable. Borouge is not
developed by our Borouge Ethics and
only able to add value from a commercial sense, but also to help these companies
Compliance team. The goal and objective
evolve in their ethical business practices.
of the third party self certification programme
is for Borouge’s third parties to be able to
From a Sanctions and Export control compliance perspective, we also had tremendous
self-identify potential areas of improvement
support from our Borouge E&C team in ensuring that the Borouge MEAE region is
and develop processes to enhance their
operating in accordance with the applicable sanctions and export controls regulations.
E&C controls, with the support and guidance
With the E&C due-diligence review and clearance process, our team was able to
of the Borouge Ethics and Compliance
proceed to conduct business with these parties in an assured manner.
team clarifying Borouge’s ethics and
compliance standards.
The amazing effort from the E&C team makes them an invaluable partner to the
Borouge MEAE teams to ensure that we always operate in compliance with the
applicable laws and regulations.”
Khalfan Al Muhairi
Senior Vice President, Region MEAE
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 93

=== [AR2022.pdf p96] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team as a valued
partner to Asia South Sales region
“The Borouge Asia South team firmly believe that the long-term of their business. Our Business Partners were very appreciative
success and dynamic growth of our business in the region of the close partnering and support they received in enhancing
is strongly dependent on our active engagement with our their E&C controls and standards and viewed this as enhancing
key business partners, not only from a commercial viewpoint, their value.
but as importantly, from an Ethics and Compliance outlook.
We were able to achieve a wide range of compliance goals
In 2022, we collaborated with the Borouge Ethics and Compliance and objectives with a high number of Asia South Business
(E&C) team to develop an innovative programme, the Asia South Partners within a short period of time; highlighting the value
Business Partner Ethics & Compliance Self-Certification of this innovative, proactive and high touch approach by the
Programme. This requires all Asia South Business Partners to Borouge E&C team.
self-assess and certify their Ethics and Compliance programme
based on a minimum set of standards developed by our Borouge I would like to thank the Borouge E&C team for their constant
Ethics and Compliance team. effort in developing innovative E&C initiatives with Asia South
team to ensure that we and our Business Partners uphold the
This programme was a success and added tremendous value highest ethical standards and continue to evolve and exceed
to our Asia South Business Partners in many ways. Through the expectations of operating with high ethical standards in
this programme, Borouge was able to underline our commitment a dynamic and challenging business landscape.
of conducting business with ethics and integrity and ensure
our business partners understand Borouge’s expectations The programme will continue to be enhanced in 2023, and I believe
and values. Throughout the programme, Borouge Ethics it will become the foundation and model for further invaluable
and Compliance team actively interacted with our Asia South E&C engagements to raise awareness and continuously develop
Business Partners by sharing their Ethics and Compliance the education and compliance standards for business partners
expertise and accelerating their learning of Borouge’s standards in Asia South region and across Borouge as an organisation.”
and expectations. It had the added side benefit that once met,
the Business Partners can use this as a differentiator to set Eddie Wang
themselves apart and enhance the ongoing sustainability Senior Vice President, Region Asia South
94 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p97] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge Third Party Code of Conduct,
Awareness & Monitoring
Data Analytics on Third Party Risks
Borouge has also implemented the Borouge
Third Party Code of Conduct, which sets out
1.5 million+
the minimum standards for ethical business
practice that we expect from any third party
working with Borouge. These basic rules and
Historical sales and vendor transactions analysed
standards are necessary to conduct Borouge
business in an ethical and compliant manner
and in accordance with Borouge’s values.
100% of the third parties that Borouge
engages are provided with a copy of the
Borouge Third Party Code of Conduct and The application of data analytics, coupled
asked to confirm their commitment to with management monitoring reviews and
adhering to the principles. a focus on training and awareness, provides
assurance on the overall effectiveness of
In addition, annually, the Borouge Ethics third party risk at Borouge. In addition, the
and Compliance team carries out a Borouge Ethics and Compliance Team also
dedicated training and certification proactively utilises the insights from such
programme for all key business partners to reviews and monitoring activities to identify
enhance awareness of the Borouge Code of potential emerging risks when engaging
Conduct, Third Party Code of Conduct and with third parties to continuously enhance
compliance expectations aligned to the business controls on an ongoing basis.
Borouge Ethics and Compliance standards.
The training and certification programme
comprised of online videos and training
material on the Borouge Code of Conduct
for third party business partners. Upon
completion, the business partners need
to attest and commit to conducting their
business activities in compliance with the
Borouge Third Party Code of Conduct.
In 2022, 100% of the key business partners
have completed the training and provided
attestation certificates.
Data Analytics on Third Party Risks
Each year, a risk-based forensic data
analytics review is deployed as part of the
fraud risk detection and mitigation process.
Transactional testing is performed on third
party transactions via a data analytics
platform to identify potential concerns.
The tests on high risk areas were conducted
across more than 1.5 million historical sales
and vendor transactions. The use of data
analytics algorithms assists in identifying
potential concerns with fraudulent
transactions such as duplicate vendor
payments, high-risk customers/vendors,
suspicious sales invoices with delivery dates
before sales order dates, and outstanding
sales invoices with past credit terms.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 95

=== [AR2022.pdf p98] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
Borouge Data Analytics Programme
Data Analytics Reports
2018 2019 2020 2021
INTEGRATED WITH INTEGRATED WITH INTEGRATED WITH INTEGRATED WITH
FRAUD RISK FRAUD RISK FRAUD RISK FRAUD RISK
ASSESSMENT ASSESSMENT ASSESSMENT ASSESSMENT
Scope – Production Scope – Sales and Marketing Scope – Sales and Marketing Scope – Sales and Marketing
Organisation (Tests covering organisation (Tests covering organisation (A deep dive Organisation (Incremental
the areas of Purchasing, Sales, Finance and Human into prioritised business tests and relationship
Human Resources, end to Resources (employee areas. These areas include analysis were conducted
end Finance and Anti-Bribery payroll, expense and travel) Sales, Pricing, Credit using historical data to
and Corruption) transactions, Anti-Bribery Memos, Accounts discover unusual patterns
and Corruption, Anti-Money Receivables and Employee and trends between like
Laundering) Expenses and related entities in the
areas of Purchase, Human
Resources (Payroll), Finance,
and Sales, Anti-Bribery and
Corruption, AML Fraud)
Way forward
Borouge Data Analytics Report +
Data Analytics In House Pilot
BOROUGE DATA commenced with fundamental fraud risk In FY2021-2022, most of these issues were
ANALYTICS PROGRAMME tests to ensure coverage of key business addressed via significant enhancements
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance team process areas such as Procure to Pay, and rollouts such as the OneERP system
has employed the use of technology to Sales to Collections, Human Resources upgrade, introduction of the Borouge
create a data driven Compliance programme and subsequently progressed to specialised Integrity Due Diligence Platform, process
and drive further assurance over the internal tailored analytics tests for deep dive into enhancements in the Gift & Entertainment
controls environment. focus areas such as sales, pricing. In the processes which has resulted in the
latest data analytics programme a complete embedding of controls into the Borouge
Our Data Analytics (“DA”) programme refresh has been performed to cover overall systems and lowering the fraud risk exposure
is based on a standard methodology using areas for end of end financials, procurement overall for Borouge. The programme has
the company’s master and transactional and the sales & marketing organisation. substantiated the effectiveness of controls
data with an objective to discover operating in the Borouge environment.
unusual patterns and trend indicators During the initial phases of the usage of
using relationship analysis based on data analytics, issues pertaining to master Going forward, a continuous monitoring
recommendations from senior leaders, and data incompleteness, segregation of duties, analytics programme will be rolled out on
using results from prior years to refine the and manual processes were identified, Borouge PLC and its respective entities
tests and approach on an ongoing basis. which have been strengthened via the coupled with a Data Analytics In House Pilot.
automation of controls under the OneERP
Since the commencement of the programme system upgrade, introduction of the Borouge
in 2018, there has been continuous Integrity Due Diligence Platform, process
enhancement in scope and coverage year enhancements in the Gift & Entertainment
on year. The data analytics programme and ongoing training & awareness on fraud.
96 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p99] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Fraud Risk Management Borouge employs data analytics and
Fraud Risk Management is a key control data visualisation as part of Fraud Risk
activity to ensure that we are maintaining Assessment which powerfully enhances
a vigilant stance on fraud prevention. We the ability to detect fraudulent activity.
have established a Fraud Risk Management Examples of fraud tests conducted using
Framework Policy incorporating strong fraud data analytics include identifying potential
governance processes and controls that fictitious vendors, collusion with customers
demonstrates Management’s expectations and facilitators, and fraudulent adjustments
and commitment to an anti-fraud culture within on pricing controls.
the organisation and is also compliant with
Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority’s (ADAA) The latest Borouge Fraud Risk Assessments
– Regulation 1 (2017) which holds Management did not yield any major risks or concerns with
accountable for assessing and reporting the fraud and the assessment confirmed there
effectiveness of Borouge’s internal controls was a high level of maturity and adequate
environment, including fraud. automated and manual fraud controls are
in place to mitigate any potential fraud risk.
As part of the Fraud Risk Framework,
Borouge has: Moving forward, the Ethics and Compliance
΄ Conducted Fraud risk surveys/workshops team will be gradually conducting the
to identify key fraud risks in our business ongoing transactional monitoring of fraud
processes in Borouge. During the fraud risk internally with the extensive use of data
workshops, fraud scenarios and risks were and technology.
uncovered during process walkthroughs,
evaluation of the effectiveness of existing The key areas where fraud scenarios exist
fraud control activities within Borouge are as summarised below:
΄ Implemented Fraud prevention and
detection control activities to mitigate
the occurrence of fraud activities
΄ Deployed data analytics transactional
testing over a rolling three year period to
look for unusual patterns and suspicious
transactions with continuously evolving
algorithms and tailored tests
΄ Mitigated control gaps and internal control
weaknesses to reduce residual fraud risks
΄ Evaluated Fraud risks in the Fraud risk
register which ranks fraud risk on a heat
map against likelihood and significance
΄ Implemented the Fraud investigation and
reporting process within Borouge
Fraud scenarios and controls
20%
25%
Procure-to-Pay
Sales to Collection
Percentage
12% of disrtibution
Finance
Human Resources
Fraud Risk Maturity
12% 31% Assessment Areas
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 97

=== [AR2022.pdf p100] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
Sanctions and Export Controls In 2022, we also conducted an export Sanctions and export
Borouge is committed to adhering to all controls review on our Top 50 products to
controls training
applicable international government economic determine if those products had a US nexus
and trade sanctions laws including the local and required special handling per export
laws of countries where we operate. Sanctions controls regulations. Borouge E&C also
100%
are imposed by various governments or conducted a risk review of our equipment
international bodies in an attempt to isolate sourced and located in UAE, China and
or impede specific individuals, entities or Singapore to check for potential dual use
Borouge employees
jurisdictions for specific purposes or specific status. Approximately 144,535 pieces of
have undertaken the 2022
activities. The scope of these trade sanctions equipment were checked, representing
and trade embargos vary widely from country Borouge’s most critical equipment in our Sanctions & Export Controls
to country and evolve and change constantly. three key sites training and passed the
It is essential for Borouge to stay up to date knowledge test.
with all sanctions and export controls changes In 2022, due to the critical need to ensure
and understanding their impact on Borouge. our employees are fully aware of Sanctions
and Export control risks:
Our Sanctions & Export Controls Policy
and Sanctions Recusal Policy set out this ΄ Conducted training for 100% of our
100%
commitment to complying with all applicable employees on Sanctions & Export
sanctions, appropriately managing sanctions Controls, and 100% of our employees
risk and prohibiting transactions designed have passed the certification tests.
Borouge foreign nationals
or intended to evade applicable sanctions. ΄ Conducted Sanctions Recusal training
from countries with high
To manage our sanctions risk exposure and of 100% of our foreign nationals from
ensure compliance, we have implemented countries with high sanctions regulations sanctions regulations have
a robust Compliance programme which on Sanctions Recusal procedures. been trained on Sanctions
includes controls and processes to mitigate ΄ In addition, we engaged and trained Recusal procedures.
the risk of dealing with sanctioned parties. our senior management (all SVPs
Our programme combines a powerful and VPs) and our operational staff on
third-party screening technology used to Export controls risks and how to identify,
screen all counterparties, which continuously classify and mitigate such risks in daily
monitors any potential sanctions red flags operational work.
changes on our counterparties on a daily
basis. With the skills of our dedicated Through these training and awareness
analysts, 100% potential matches arising sessions, our Borouge employees gained
from the screening results are adjudicated, an appreciation of why complying with
based on document reviews and research international sanctions and export regulations
and are resolved by either clearing the red is vital, understanding of Sanctions and
flag or the third party is blacklisted which Export risks, key sanctions recusal obligations,
prevents Borouge from continuing business and how to safeguard Borouge’s interests.
with the sanctioned individual or entity.
Lastly, in 2022, we also performed an
In 2022, the world faced unprecedented independent assessment and review of
changes in sanctions developments Borouge’s current Sanctions and Export
particularly in light of the Russian Ukraine Controls Programme to gain an understanding
crisis. The Borouge Ethics and Compliance of the current-state of Borouge’s sanctions
team was monitoring these wide ranging and and export controls programme and any key
ever changing sanctions daily, leveraging our improvement areas. The review confirmed
screening technology, and reporting these that Borouge has a robust Sanctions & Export
changes and potential impact to Borouge to Controls Policy in place, strong sanctions and
the CEO, Executive Teams and Crisis Teams export controls, robust monitoring in place,
on a daily basis. These timely and detailed and strong training and awareness
updates provided assurance to Borouge programmes for the organisation.
Management and our key stakeholders
that Borouge’s risk exposure arising from
the Russian Ukraine crisis is immaterial
in relation to Borouge’s operations and
any unexpected developments which
could occur during this dynamic and
evolving situation is properly managed.
98 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p101] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge Ethics and Compliance team as a valued partner
to Global Logistics team
“Borouge Global Logistics operates in a broad network of partners discussions with our key value chain partners to explain our
across international boundaries involving connecting facilities and governance processes and foster trusted relationships with our
transportation hubs. This requires compliance with international stakeholders. In addition, Borouge E&C were able to review the
Sanctions and Export controls regulations as part of our day-to-day strength of the Compliance programme of our global shipping
operational activities, where we rely extensively on the expertise partners to determine areas to strengthen further.
of the Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team.
The E&C team has a strong focus on employee training and
Especially in 2022, with the ever-evolving Sanctions requirements awareness; this included a dedicated compliance training and
and measures imposed by most global Sanctions regulatory awareness programme for our team on Sanctions and Export
bodies due to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the E&C team was controls regulations to ensure there is no transit shipping through
an invaluable resource to the Global Logistics team by helping Sanctioned countries. The training has enabled our team
us navigate through the dynamic ever changing and evolving members to confidently conduct operational activities while
Sanctions environment in a compliant manner. adhering to applicable Sanctions requirements and avoid
potential Sanctions violations.
With the daily proactive updates and timely consultations with
the E&C team, we were able to reallocate and divert our goods We view the E&C team as an essential partner to the Global
via compliant alternative options in an assured manner. This has Logistics team, as their invaluable contributions have allowed
avoided potential disruptions in supply chain deliveries which us to grow our business effectively with the assurance that we are
could have impacted our business significantly. compliant at all times while simultaneously providing full assurance
to our global business partners.”
The Borouge E&C team was also instrumental in many of our
discussions with our global shipping and banking partners on Abdulla Jumaan
addressing key Sanctions risks and controls. I believe it requires Vice President, Global Logistics Borouge
extensive knowledge and expertise, and insight to lead such
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 99

=== [AR2022.pdf p102] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL The Borouge Ethics and Compliance Team 2. The second line of defence lies mainly
REPORTING (ICOFR) AND INTERNAL oversees the monitoring of internal controls with the Ethics and Compliance team
CONTROLS FRAMEWORK (ICF) evaluations for the Entity Level Controls and is in place to support management
The Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority process. Entity Level Controls is an important by bringing compliance expertise,
(ADAA) Regulation #1 in 2017 requires the area that is critical to Borouge, as these process knowledge, and management
executive management of all entities based controls are reflective of the organisation’s monitoring alongside the first line to help
in the UAE and its auditors to collaborate and overall control environment. Having effective ensure that compliance risk and control
establish a process for assessing the Internal Entity Level Controls demonstrates executive are effectively managed. The second line
Controls over Financial Reporting (ICOFR) management’s commitment towards of defence functions are separate from
and report the effectiveness of the controls conducting business ethically, and these the first line of defence.
on an annual basis. Borouge is required controls would be cascaded to the respective 3. The third line of defence lies mainly with
to demonstrate having an effective system process level controls downstream. the internal audit function and provides
for internal controls over financial reporting. assurance to the Board of Directors over
In 2022, Borouge Ethics and Compliance team both the first and second lines’ efforts
The Board of Directors is responsible for the tested 133 Entity Level Controls with cross consistent with the expectations of the
internal control system within Borouge and functional support, and there were no concerns Board of Directors. In principle, the
has established a number of processes and reported. There was a minimal increase in the third line of defence does not perform
procedures which are designed to ensure controls due to new compliance requirements compliance management functions
the effectiveness of Borouge’s internal arising from obligations from the Abu Dhabi to protect its objectivity and
control system. Exchange (“ADX”) and UAE Securities and organisational independence.
Commodities Authority (“SCA”) with the public
Borouge has an Internal Controls Financial listing of Borouge on the ADX in June 2022. Internal audit validates the design and
Reporting Framework Procedure that sets out effectiveness of the internal controls
the principles, approach, defined process roles Below is the breakdown of the 133 Entity applicable to the areas included in the
and responsibilities under the supervision of Level controls from a COSO* classification. scope of the risk based Internal Audit plan.
executive management to provide assurance
on the reliability of financial reporting. This In Borouge, the internal control system is based In 2022, no significant issues were identified
includes the identification of key processes on the COSO framework and our three lines with respect to our internal control systems
and controls in the key areas to ensure the of defence: including areas such as anti-corruption,
effectiveness of these areas: 1. The first line of defence lies with the anti-trust, fraud, financial misappropriation,
΄ Entity Level Controls, business and process owners whose competition law, human rights or data
΄ Process Level Controls, and activities create and/or manage the privacy breaches. Consequently, no
΄ IT General Controls compliance risks. penalties, fines or other sanctions were
imposed on Borouge.
ICOFR Entity Level Controls (ELC)
There are no material risks or uncertainty that
can reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the continuity of the Borouge
Control Activities
16% business in the coming 12 months.1
(21 CONTROLS)
Control Environment
27%
(36 CONTROLS)
Information &
Communication 19%
(26 CONTROLS)
Monitoring
9%
(12 CONTROLS)
Risk Assessment
29%
(38 CONTROLS)
* Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Integrated Internal Control Framework, a systematic process to identify, evaluate and
manage risks, in line with the principles of the COSO Integrated Internal Control Framework.
1 The above statements do not imply that our systems and procedures provide absolute assurance as to the realisation of our business objectives, or that they can prevent
all misstatements, inaccuracies, errors, fraud and any non-compliance.
100 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p103] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION ΄ keeping up to date with changes to data Data Privacy and Protection
Borouge is subject to the ADGM Data protection laws;
Protection Regulation 2021. Its subsidiaries ΄ understanding how, for example,
based in the UAE are subject to the UAE European data privacy laws interface with Consent
Personal Data Protection Law (Federal Law data privacy laws by which are bound
45 of 2021). Borouge is also committed to (e.g., ADGM and UAE, Singapore, China, Purpose
complying with data protection laws in each Japan) for externally hosted data and
of the countries where we operate, such as applications; Lawful Processing
the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act ΄ serving as the key point of contact
in Singapore, and the Personal Information between the company and the relevant
Security And Access
Protection Law in China. Borouge takes data protection supervisory authority;
its obligations under the applicable data ΄ training staff on how to process personal
protection laws seriously and is committed data, maintain compliance, and other Accountability
to the responsible and transparent use and data privacy activities;
protection of personal data entrusted to us by ΄ conducting regular assessments to ensure
employees, shareholders, business partners, data protection compliance; and details are listed in our privacy notice,
customers, third parties, associated family ΄ responding to data subjects to inform them which is available on the Borouge website.
or next of kin, and others when needed for about how their personal data is being used There is also a reporting platform where
legitimate business purposes and in line with and what measures the company has put any potential concerns can also be raised
legal requirements in place to protect their data. confidentially via an anonymous
whistleblowing platform (Takallam).
Borouge has implemented a robust Some of the key features and controls from
enterprise-wide core Global Data Privacy our Borouge Data Privacy Programme From an educational and awareness
and Protection Compliance Programme include the following: perspective, a Data Privacy and Protection
throughout the company, which assigns ΄ Privacy Assessments are conducted e-Learning/web based training module on
management and individual accountability in concert with Information Technology privacy principles and privacy obligations,
for upholding key principles contained in to mitigate exposure arising from data employee notification and consents, and
privacy laws, but also fully adheres to the privacy risks before the solutions from privacy obligations for insider management
ADGM Data Protection Framework and also vendors are deployed within Borouge, is rolled out to all Borouge employees every
addresses the requirements of the applicable as Borouge also requires its vendors to other year, to enhance their understanding
jurisdictions where Borouge is required to comply with requirements for personal of the laws, as well as, awareness of their
comply. Borouge has established a Personal data protection individual responsibilities to protect personal
Data Protection Policy which clearly defines ΄ Privacy clauses embedded by revised data and their rights as individuals.
the practices for implementation of privacy clauses in employment contracts, contract
obligations such as: templates with business partners/vendors In 2022, the Borouge DPOs held frequent
΄ lawful processing; setting out the legal obligations required training and awareness sessions on Data
΄ responsibilities for management of of our business partners to comply with Privacy and Awareness, and developed Data
personal data; data protection laws Protection Notices and consents to meet the
΄ data minimisation and due diligence ΄ Three Data Transfer Agreements have transparency requirements on how individuals’
requirements; been implemented to govern cross border data is processed within Borouge. These Data
΄ rights of individuals; and data transfers between Borouge offices Protection Notices and consents were rolled
΄ security obligations. worldwide, and between Borouge and out in Asia North, with the Middle East
its two significant shareholders, which implementation following subsequently.
In accordance with ADGM, Singapore, contain privacy obligations such as the
and China data protection laws, Borouge standard of protection on data transfers The Borouge Ethics and Compliance Team
is required to appoint a Data Protection ΄ Data Protection Notices and consents were continues to actively monitor the evolving
Officer (DPO). The Chief Executive Officer developed to meet the transparency data privacy legislative developments
has appointed a DPO globally who reports requirement to disclose to employees how worldwide and proactively collaborates
to the Head, Ethics, Compliance & Risk. individuals’ data is processed within Borouge. with Information Security to ensure system
The Asia North Region Data Protection ΄ Appropriate technical and organisational infrastructure and data governance
Officer in China, reports to the DPO for all measures are implemented in processes are continually enhanced to
data protection related matters. The Borouge collaboration with the Information Security address the new data privacy requirements.
DPOs are being supported by the respective Department to meet security obligations
Data Protection Champions in the relevant to protect personal data against loss,
functions within Borouge. The DPOs foster destruction or damage
a data protection culture with internal and ΄ Data Breach Management Process has
external stakeholders and some of the key also been developed to address data
responsibilities include but are not limited to: breach violations
΄ training employees on data protection ΄ Individuals who have concerns about
compliance requirements; Borouge’s use of their personal data,
can contact the Borouge Data Protection
Officer or the local offices, whose contact
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 101

=== [AR2022.pdf p104] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) team as a valued
partner to our Information Technology function
“In 2022, as part of a strategic organisational IT initiative, Borouge Arising out of this initiative, our shareholders have tasked Borouge
Information Technology implemented many Group IT Initiatives E&C to develop a data governance framework and requested E&C
for Borouge in a highly accelerated timescale. In order to ensure to implement a data governance model to ensure that all systems
that these initiatives were implemented in full compliance with and data, not only those included in the strategic IT initiatives,
international regulations and safeguards, we partnered closely with undergo the same data governance review.
the Borouge Ethics and Compliance team to review the end-to-end
systems, data flows and nature of data, to ensure the corresponding While this initiative has only recently commenced, the value
controls and safeguards were in place regarding data processing delivered is already apparent. Our shareholders and our
and data transfers obligations. Ensuring that we are mindful of management have the assurance that critical systems and
key data privacy and protection and cybersecurity regulations data sharing arrangements meet the latest requirements
worldwide help us avoid the risk of non-compliance as we from confidentiality, data protection, cybersecurity and
implement the respective Group IT Initiatives. insider regulations.
The Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C) Team played a vital The E&C Team has actively demonstrated strong commitment
role in these Group IT initiatives as they were proactively able to towards collaborating internally with IT and business and system
provide their expertise and in-depth knowledge in ensuring that owners, as well as with our vendors to proactively identify and
the obligations and requirements arising from global data privacy mitigate all risk exposure and robustly address all compliance
and protection regulations/cybersecurity regulations are being requirements.”
considered and incorporated as part of the review process.
The E&C team raised awareness internally and with our Peter Vander Kerckhove
shareholders on various data protection regulations and the Borouge IT Regional Manager, Asia Pacific
risk of breaching such laws. Their ongoing advocacy resulted in
strong support from all key stakeholders who agreed that staying “We are fortunate to have the Borouge Ethics and Compliance (E&C)
compliant with all international laws is our top priority. team as an indispensable partner in the rolling out of these major
Group IT Initiatives across the organisation. The expertise and
In addition, the Borouge E&C team have reviewed a number of support of the Borouge E&C team is unparalleled. They provide us
digitisation initiatives which employ the use of Artificial Intelligence with the assurance that all major IT Initiatives are being implemented
and use advanced technologies to ensure safety and protect in compliance with key data confidentiality, protection, cybersecurity
our employees. and capital markets regulations in all applicable jurisdictions where
we operate. In addition, in recognition of the added value they bring
While these advances are exciting and well intentioned, to the table in their unique roles being able to bridge the gap between
understanding the interplay between AI and privacy is critical IT and Governance in the area of Data Governance, this further
to ensure that we implement these projects in full adherence to demonstrates the value they are able to add beyond a traditional
laws, regulations and respect for our employees the protection E&C organisation, which is typically not equipped to develop data
of their rights. landscapes and data governance frameworks. Given Borouge’s
ambitious plans for the future, with a keen focus on the significant
We can always count on the commitment and expertise of the value and importance of data, the protection of our data, emerging
Ethics and Compliance team as an important partner to Borouge developments in data, cyber, and emerging technologies like AI, we
IT and look forward to our continued collaboration in all future need strong partners in E&C to not only provide the evolving legal
IT initiatives. and regulatory developments in these areas but beyond. Our E&C
partners are a vital part of our success now and in the future.”
Another area where the contributions from the Borouge E&C team
have been invaluable is in the area of developing an information Khaled Al Mazrouei
technology data landscape for Borouge as an organisation. Borouge VP Information Technology
In order to continue to meet regulations as a publically listed
company, Borouge must identify Inside Information where it resides
including systems and where it is in transit. This goes beyond
where other publicly listed companies have gone, but it ensures
we are 100% compliant with the regulations. In pursuit of this
endeavour, the Ethics and Compliance team have taken the lead
on the development of the data landscape in order to classify and
categorise and protect Inside Information. This data landscape is
particularly useful to IT and ensures we have a strong understanding
of the data transit flows and how to manage our obligations
to protect our data regardless of where it resides; on premise,
in a private cloud, in a shared cloud, or hosted externally.
102 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p105] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
WHISTLEBLOWING, INVESTIGATIONS All significant matters are presented to the
AND ETHICS & COMPLIANCE Audit Committee(s) and reported to ADAA
COMMITTEE (ECC) as appropriate, depending on factors such
Borouge is committed to upholding an the involvement of senior management and
open, honest and transparent culture, and Your voice matters the nature and materiality of the allegations.
it supports our commitment to integrity and
aligned with our Code of Conduct, where Over the last few years, there has been
anyone who works with or for Borouge a decreasing trend in the number of
internally or externally can report any whistleblowing cases reported per number
concerns in confidence without risk of SPEAK UP 1 of employees across the years; indicative
retaliation. Our Whistleblowing Policy of the reduction of potential incidences
encourages our employees to report of unethical behaviours, stronger internal
concerns about unethical behaviour in controls, stronger understanding of ethical
connection with our business by assuring behaviour and decreasing risk exposure
confidentiality and protecting good faith to Borouge over time.
whistleblowers from retaliation.
2
There are a number of channels in Whistleblowing cases
Borouge to report potential unethical TAKALLAM per number of employees
behaviours or concerns, which include
reporting to the Borouge Ethics and
1.70%
Compliance Team. However, if anyone is
uncomfortable reporting a concern directly
CONFIDENTIALITY
or wishes to remain anonymous, there AND ANONYMITY 1.20%
is a confidential whistleblowing hotline in 1.10%
3
Borouge (Takallam Ethics Helpline) to report
all concerns. Takallam (which means “to
speak” in Arabic) is an anonymous Reporting
and Whistleblowing Helpline available on the
Borouge website, run by an independent
third party, on behalf of Borouge. REPORT IN 0.50%
4
GOOD FAITH
Borouge has established a Compliance
Investigation Policy. Our Compliance
2019 2020 2021 2022
Investigation Policy and supporting
procedures set out our approach to
The average time taken to complete an
investigations relating to alleged ethical 5 investigation in Borouge is approximately
misconduct: of (a) ethical business practices;
less than two months commencing from
(b) integrity in our interactions and NON RETALIATION the formation of the Investigation Committee
arrangements with third parties; and (c)
to the conclusion of the investigation.
applicable laws, regulations, policies and
procedures relating to ethical business
Borouge continues to maintain its robust
practices and integrity.
whistleblowing channel and a formalised
investigation process so as to provide
This policy requires all of our personnel
assurance that every potential unethical
Whistleblowing and Investigation policies
to cooperate fully and truthfully with all
concern is being taken seriously and
and procedures, Terms of Reference and
investigations and to avoid engaging in
actioned on a timely basis with the
local laws and regulations.
certain activities that may hinder or interfere
appropriate measures taken.
with an investigation.
If the matter is a purely HR matter, the
report is then forwarded to Human Capital
Upon receiving a whistleblowing concern or
& Administration team for their evaluation,
report, the Borouge Ethics and Compliance
review and further processing. When an
Committee (ECC) will assess each report in
investigation is required, an Investigation
accordance with the investigations process
Committee is nominated by the Ethics &
to determine whether an investigation
Compliance Committee and approved by the
may be required. This may involve further
CEO. The investigation is carried out under
inquiries with the whistleblower and/or other
the guidance and direction of the ECC, and
individuals. The CEO is the Chairman of the
the final report and recommendations are
ECC, and ECC members are appointed by
submitted to the CEO for approval and
the CEO. The ECC operates in accordance
endorsement for implementation of
with the Borouge Code of Conduct, Values,
disciplinary action, if applicable.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 103

=== [AR2022.pdf p106] ===
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
INSIDE INFORMATION MANAGEMENT
AND INSIDER DEALINGS Borouge Inside Information and Insider Dealing Policy specifies
As part of our commitment to acting with
that Borouge’s Insiders and their connected parties need to fully
the highest levels of integrity, and complying
comply with insider trading rules.
with capital market and securities regulations,
we take the utmost care to prevent insider
dealings and insider trading. Accordingly,
we have implemented an Inside Information
and Insider Dealing Policy in accordance
connected parties from trading Borouge’s audit (third line of defence), ensuring the
with regulatory requirements, which specifies
securities during these periods. access controls are defined as per business
that all employees who are in possession of
requirements and local operating models.
Borouge inside information (and are known
Trading requests of Borouge Insiders and GRC also supports the identification and
as “Insiders”) and their connected parties
their connected parties are monitored and monitoring of business access risks, not only
need to fully comply with insider trading rules.
managed by the Head, Ethics, Compliance segregation of duties risks but also critical
Communicating any material non-public
& Risk and the Borouge Ethics and risks for Borouge related to access to inside
information to anyone not deemed to be
Compliance team. All Insiders and their information, intellectual property, and sensitive
an Insider is strictly prohibited until such
connected parties are required to obtain or personal data, and most often referred to as
information is publicly disclosed by Borouge
clearance from the Borouge Ethics and Borouge’s Crown Jewels. The Crown Jewels is
through appropriate channels.
Compliance team to deal in Borouge’s typically defined as data which if lost, stolen,
securities before proceeding to transact, or compromised would expose the Company
Material non-public information is information
and must provide verification post to significant business and reputational risk.
that has not yet become public and could
transaction. Insiders must attest and certify In this light, we view the GRC function as
impact the price of Borouge’s securities if
that they are not acting on inside information critical to protecting the company’s most
shared in an unauthorised manner. The Insider
prior to dealing in the shares of Borouge and vital data assets.
Dealing Policy also specifies that Insiders must
commit to all requirements of the Borouge
not manipulate the market by providing false or
Inside Information and Insider Dealing Policy. During the recent Borouge Initial Public
misleading information about Borouge in order
The Borouge Head, Ethics, Compliance & Offering (IPO), the GRC team was
to drive its share price down or spread false
Risk acknowledges her responsibility for instrumental in ensuring that exposure
information to influence a company’s share
managing and monitoring Insider trading of critical insider data was adequately
price prior to the Insider or their connected
activity and the Borouge Insider register. protected by ensuring that only registered
parties trading in the company’s securities.
insiders were permitted to access and view
This prohibition also includes passing on
In 2022, the Borouge Ethics and Compliance the relevant insider data for their role. Post
material non-public information to another
Team continuously train Borouge’s Insiders IPO, the GRC team continues to protect the
person or suggesting that they buy or sell
on their and their connected party’s company by ensuring that only registered
Borouge’s securities while being aware of
obligations and commitments, hosting insiders are provided with access to key
material non-public information. This practice,
over 70+ training and awareness sessions inside information.
known as “tipping”, also violates the securities
to ensure full compliance with our Inside
laws and can result in the same penalties as
Information and Insider Dealing Policy and Key activities for the GRC team include
engaging in insider trading directly, even if the
our zero tolerance stance on Insider trading conducting quarterly, periodic user access
Insider does not receive any money or derive
and market manipulation. and risk reviews, SAP access role design
any benefit from the trade. All instances of
and certification, SAP access risks and
Market abuse are strictly prohibited.
GOVERNANCE, RISK AND COMPLIANCE controls design and certification, continuous
In addition to the Inside Information and (GRC) FUNCTION access risk monitoring and remediation and
Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) ongoing GRC training clinics and workshops
Insider Dealing Policy, Borouge also requires
is a function that currently controls our to raise the awareness level of the criticality
all Insiders to be registered and sign as
SAP access management and security of accurate access and security controls.
Insiders in the ADX as a Borouge Insider, sign
for Borouge. The SAP GRC access The risk mitigations in place include:
an Insider undertaking form, which sets forth
management framework provides a formal ΄ Reducing financial and non-financial risks
the obligations and responsibilities required
methodology and governance model for that might impact the company objectives
to comply with the Insider Dealing Policy to
managing controlled access distribution to by closely monitoring access risks and
ensure that all Insiders go to the farthest extent
users on Borouge’s SAP systems, aligned ensuring adequate remediation actions
to protect Borouge’s inside information. The
with the company’s enterprise-wide business are undertaken
Insider register is maintained by the Borouge
objectives and strategy. ΄ Ensuring all key controls are monitored
Head, Ethics, Compliance & Risk and the
and tested as part of the Internal Controls
Borouge Ethics and Compliance team and
At Borouge, the GRC function is a sub- over Financial Reporting process (ICOFR)
is updated on a weekly basis.
function of the Ethics and Compliance team, ΄ Mandatory risk reviews are undertaken
within the second line of defence, working during any access change
Aligned with the ADX regulations on
closely and across multiple functions including ΄ Ensuring high levels of governance are
prohibition periods, and any ad hoc
the business functions (first line of defence), maintained by ensuring the approvals
prohibition periods that may be declared
Legal, Risk Management, Ethics & and controls are aligned to any
based on our dynamic business environment,
Compliance and International Tax (second line organisational changes
Borouge prohibits any Insiders and their
of defence), as well as internal and external
104 Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p107] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
2022 BOROUGE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE REPORT
CONTINUED
2022 achievements
66%
4500+
Access related risks reduced as a result
users access reviewed every quarter, resulting
of the periodic risk review and continuous
in more than 3500+ corrective actions
monitoring and remediation
2800+
1400+
access change requests processed and
roles reviewed and certified approved on GRC system, with only 18%
of these requests containing risks
500+ 25+
SAP Role Design changes reviewed and training clinics delivered and 44 periodic
approved by GRC team review workshops
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2022 105

=== [AR2022.pdf p108] ===
106 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p109] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Inside this Section
106-154
Board of Directors’ Report 108
Independent Auditor’s Report 109
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 112
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income 113
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 114
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 116
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 117
Unaudited 12 Months Pro-Forma
Consolidated Financial Statements
– Unaudited Statement of Profit and Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income 152
– Unaudited Summary of Operating Profit 153
– Unaudited Earnings Per Share (EPS) 154
– Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA 154
Borouge PLC was formally established on 28 April 2022, and as such our
statutory published financials only cover the period from 28 April 2022 to
31 December 2022. The Company has prepared unaudited pro-forma
accounts, showing the combination that forms the current business of
Borouge PLC as if it had been in operation for the twelve months ended 2022
and the twelve months ended 2021. These are the full year numbers being
referenced across the strategic and governance sections of this
annual report.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 107

=== [AR2022.pdf p110] ===
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FOR THE PERIOD FROM 28 APRIL TO 31 DECEMBER 2022
The Directors present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“the Company”) and its
subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) for the period from 28 April (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2022.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The purpose of the Company is to serve as a holding company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge) L.L.C. (“ADP”) and Borouge Pte
Ltd. which are engaged in the principal activities of production of ethylene, propylene, polyethylene, polypropylene and trading of polyolefins,
respectively.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
The financial results of the Group represent a profit for the period of USD 733.82 million as presented in these audited consolidated financial
statements.
For the Board of Directors
Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber
Chairman
1 February 2023
Abu Dhabi, UAE
108 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p111] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BOROUGE PLC
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“Borouge” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”),
which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the period
from 28 April 2022 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2022, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the period then ended in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”).
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) (the “IESBA Code”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements in the United Arab Emirates, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Business combination of entities under common control
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) and Borealis AG (“Borealis”) jointly owned Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge)
(“ADP”) and Borouge PTE Limited (“PTE”) through a joint venture capital agreement dated 26 April 1998. As disclosed in note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, during the period, ADNOC and Borealis entered into a Subscription and Transfer Agreement to rearrange
the ownership in ADP and PTE and to combine the business of ADP and PTE after such rearrangement. On 1 June 2022, the combined
business was transferred to Borouge PLC which was then listed on the Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange on 3 June 2022.
The business combination has been excluded from the scope of IFRS 3 as it represents a business combination of entities under common
control. Given the complex nature of the transaction and its significance to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, the issue had
warranted significant attention during our audit and has been identified as a key audit matter to be reported in our audit report.
Management has accounted for the business combination in the consolidated financial statements using the pooling of interest method
resulting in a merger reserve of USD 4.4 billion.
The audit procedures performed to address this key audit matter include the following:
1. We held discussions with the Group’s management and those charged with governance to obtain an understanding of the transaction
details and objectives;
2. We reviewed the Subscription and Transfer agreement to understand the terms and conditions of the transaction and assess the
appropriateness of the accounting treatment under the IFRS;
3. We reviewed the ownership structures of the entities involved before and after the business combination and inspected relevant
supporting documents;
4. We traced the value of net assets contributed by ADP and PTE to the combined business, to the respective financial information of ADP
and PTE as of 31 May 2022;
5. We traced the equity reserves presented in the consolidated financial statements to the respective financial information of ADP and PTE
as of 31 May 2022.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 109

=== [AR2022.pdf p112] ===
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BOROUGE PLC CONTINUED
Property, plant and equipment
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to USD 7 billion representing 70% of the Group’s total assets
as of that date. This balance includes Capital Work-in-Progress (“CWIP”) amounting to USD 317 million representing 337 capital projects in
progress. During the year, capital work in progress amounting to USD 81 million was completed and transferred to the respective categories
of property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the Group’s depreciation policy.
Considering the magnitude of the amount and the risk surrounding the capitalisation, depreciation and impairment of property, plant and
equipment in terms of assessing the eligibility of costs capitalised during the period, the timing of capitalisation and the related depreciation/
impairment charge in line with IFRS requirements; this has been identified as a key audit matter to be reported in our audit report.
Procedures: The audit procedures performed to address this key audit matter include the following:
1. We reviewed the Group’s policies and procedures for capitalisation of project costs and assessed their compliance with the
requirements of IFRS;
2. We tested the relevant controls over capitalisation of project costs;
3. We performed substantive audit procedures over a sample of project costs capitalised to check adherence to the Group’s policies and
procedures, and compliance with the requirements of IFRS. This included management’s processes and controls around identification
of project costs eligible for capitalisation, staff cost capitalisation etc.;
4. We reviewed management’s assessment for the existence of impairment indicators in respect of property, plant and equipment including
capital work in progress;
5. We held discussions with project managers for significant projects and inquired about their status to determine whether indicators of
impairment existed as of 31 December 2022; and
6. For a sample of projects, we checked the date of project capitalisation against supporting documents such as completion certificates
received from contractors to verify that depreciation has been charged from the capitalisation date.
Other information
Other information consists of the information included in the Board of Directors’ report and annual report other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the Board of Directors’ report prior to the date of our audit report and we expect to
obtain the annual report after the date of our auditor’s report. Management is responsible for the other information.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of management and Those Charged with Governance for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs and
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Company’s Articles of Association and the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi
Global Market, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Charged with Governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
110 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p113] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:
΄ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
΄ Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
΄ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.
΄ Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
΄ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
΄ Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the
Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, action taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Further, as required by the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM, we report that, in our opinion:
i) The consolidated financial statements include, in all material respects, the applicable requirements of the Companies Regulations 2020
of ADGM; and
ii) the financial information included in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the books of account and records of the Group.
Further, as required by the Decree of the Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority No. (1) of 2017 pertaining to Auditing the
Financial Statements of Subject Entities, we report that based on the information provided to us, nothing has come to our attention that
causes us to believe that the Company has not complied, in all material respects, with the law of establishment of the Company and relevant
provisions of the applicable laws, resolutions and circulars organising the Company’s operations, which would materially affect its activities
or the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 31 December 2022.
Signed by
Ahmad Al Dali
Partner
Ernst & Young
1 February 2023
Abu Dhabi
Borouge Annual Report 2022 111

=== [AR2022.pdf p114] ===
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022
Notes USD’000
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 5 7,053,196
Intangible assets 6 55,616
Right-of-use assets 7(a) 25,208
Investment in sublease 7(b) & 11(d ) 135,052
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 2,606
Loans to employees 22,665
Total non-current assets 7,294,343
Current assets
Inventories 8 654,639
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 193,762
Trade receivables 9(a) 890,339
Loans to employees 11,276
Prepayments and other receivables 9(b) 47,059
Cash and cash equivalents 10 1,143,840
Total current assets 2,940,915
Total Assets 10,235,258
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Share capital 13 4,809,231
Merger reserve 14 (4,446,467)
Restricted reserve 14 186,322
Capital reserve 14 12,490
Actuarial reserve 14 10,846
Translation reserve 14 (3,982)
Retained earnings 4,279,574
Equity attributable to the owners of the Company 4,848,014
Non-controlling interests 21,586
Total equity 4,869,600
Non-current liabilities
Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 15 93,926
Lease liabilities 7(c) 158,884
Deferred tax liability 12(c) 33,265
Bank loans 16 3,983,999
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 67,441
Total non-current liabilities 4,337,515
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 17 369,761
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 613,621
Lease liabilities 7(c) 4,494
Income tax payable 40,267
Total current liabilities 1,028,143
Total liabilities 5,365,658
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 10,235,258
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Jan-Martin Nufer
Chairman Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
112 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p115] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE PERIOD 28 APRIL 2022 TO 31 DECEMBER 2022
For the period
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
Notes USD’000
Revenue 18 3,997,151
Cost of sales 19 (2,386,263)
Gross profit 1,610,888
Other income 21 26,707
General and administrative expenses 22 (112,583)
Selling and distribution expenses 23 (414,152)
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment 5 (13,483)
Operating profit 1,097,377
Finance income 19,744
Finance costs (95,841)
Foreign exchange loss (2,622)
Net finance loss (78,719)
Profit for the period before tax 1,018,658
Income tax expense 12(a) (284,835)
Profit for the period 733,823
Profit for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company 724,345
Non-controlling interests 9,478
733,823
Other comprehensive income for the period
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
Defined benefit plan remeasurements 19,586
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation (4,422)
Other comprehensive income for the period 15,164
Total comprehensive income for the period 748,987
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company 739,865
Non-controlling interests 9,122
Profit for the period 748,987
Earnings per share:
Basic and Diluted (USD) 28 0.02
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 113

=== [AR2022.pdf p116] ===
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE PERIOD 28 APRIL 2022 TO 31 DECEMBER 2022
Equity
attributable
to Owners Non-
Share Merger Restricted Capital Actuarial Translation Retained of the controlling Total
capital reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings Company interests equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at incorporation on 28 April 2022 – – – – – – – – – –
Share capital introduced 50 – – – – – – 50 – 50
Issuance of additional share capital on transfer of ADP
and PTE (note 1) 4,809,181 – – – – – – 4,809,181 – 4,809,181
Equity contributed upon transfer of subsidiaries (note 3) – (4,446,467) 185,730 12,490 (8,294) (234) 3,880,620 (376,155) 12,464 (363,691)
Profit for the period – – – – – – 724,345 724,345 9,478 733,823
Other comprehensive income for the period – – – – 19,268 (3,748) – 15,520 (356) 15,164
Total comprehensive income for the period – – – – 19,268 (3,748) 724,345 739,865 9,122 748,987
Movement during the period – – 592 – (128) – (464) – – –
Dividend declared (note 14) – – – – – – (324,927) (324,927) – (324,927)
Balance at 31 December 2022 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,322 12,490 10,846 (3,982) 4,279,574 4,848,014 21,586 4,869,600
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
114 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p117] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Equity
attributable
to Owners Non-
Share Merger Restricted Capital Actuarial Translation Retained of the controlling Total
capital reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings Company interests equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at incorporation on 28 April 2022 – – – – – – – – – –
Share capital introduced 50 – – – – – – 50 – 50
Issuance of additional share capital on transfer of ADP
and PTE (note 1) 4,809,181 – – – – – – 4,809,181 – 4,809,181
Equity contributed upon transfer of subsidiaries (note 3) – (4,446,467) 185,730 12,490 (8,294) (234) 3,880,620 (376,155) 12,464 (363,691)
Profit for the period – – – – – – 724,345 724,345 9,478 733,823
Other comprehensive income for the period – – – – 19,268 (3,748) – 15,520 (356) 15,164
Total comprehensive income for the period – – – – 19,268 (3,748) 724,345 739,865 9,122 748,987
Movement during the period – – 592 – (128) – (464) – – –
Dividend declared (note 14) – – – – – – (324,927) (324,927) – (324,927)
Balance at 31 December 2022 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,322 12,490 10,846 (3,982) 4,279,574 4,848,014 21,586 4,869,600
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 115

=== [AR2022.pdf p118] ===
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE PERIOD 28 APRIL 2022 TO 31 DECEMBER 2022
For the period
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December
2022
Notes USD’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the period before tax 1,018,658
Adjustments for:
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 5 297,117
Impairment of property, plant and equipment 5 13,483
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 7(a) 2,865
Amortisation of intangible assets 6 10,608
Reversal of provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory 8 (1,103)
Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivable 9 2,246
Reversal of provision for expected credit losses on prepayments and other receivable (668)
Loss on modification of lease liability 28
End of service benefits charge 15 5,707
Finance costs 95,841
Finance income (19,744)
Net cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 1,425,038
Changes in working capital:
Increase in trade receivables (55,783)
Increase in due from related party (18,009)
Decrease in inventories 160,689
Decrease in prepayments and other receivables 31,036
Increase in due to related party 144,613
Decrease in trade and other payables (89,644)
Increase in other payables 55,857
Decrease in contract liabilities (3,698)
Cash generated from operating activities 1,650,099
End of service benefits paid 21 (3,218)
Tax paid (332,746)
Net cash generated from operating activities 1,314,135
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment 5 (112,976)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 19
Payments for purchase of intangible assets 6 (882)
Cash and cash equivalents acquired as part of business combination 347,564
Interest income received 13,071
Net cash generated from investing activities 246,796
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of lease liability 7(c) (2,857)
Issuance of share capital 50
Payment of dividends 14 (324,927)
Payment of interest on bank loan (87,014)
Net cash used in financing activities (414,748)
Changes in translation reserve (2,343)
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,143,840
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period –
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD 10 1,143,840
Significant non-cash transactions which have been excluded from the statement of cash flows
are as follows:
Transfer of right-of-use asset to sublease 7(a) (3,295)
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
116 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p119] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2022
1 LEGAL STATUS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
Borouge PLC (the “Company”) was incorporated on 28 April 2022 as a public company limited by shares, with registration number
000007602, pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market Companies (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2020. The Company has been established
for the purpose of serving as a holding company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd and Borouge Pte. Ltd.
The Company is jointly controlled by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) and Borealis Middle East Holding GmbH (“BMEH”,
together with ADNOC, the “Shareholders”).
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders dated 10 May 2022, the shareholders approved listing the Company’s shares on Abu Dhabi
Securities Exchange whereby 10% of its shares were offered in an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”). As of the reporting date, ADNOC held 54%
and BMEH held 36% of issued share capital of the Group while the remaining 10% is held by the general public.
These consolidated financial statements of the Company are for the period from the date of incorporation 28 April 2022 to 31 December 2022
and accordingly, no comparative information is presented.
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:
Name of subsidiary Ownership interest Country of incorporation Principal activities
Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd Production of ethylene, propylene,
(Borouge) L.L.C (“ADP”) 100% U.A.E. polyethylene and polypropylene
Borouge Pte Ltd and its
subsidiaries (“PTE”) 84.746% Singapore Trading of polyolefins
The Company together with its subsidiaries is referred to as the “Group”.
In accordance with the subscription and transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022 (the “Subscription and Transfer Agreement”) entered into
between the Company and the Shareholders, ADNOC and BMEH agreed to transfer their respective interests in ADP and approximately
84.746% interest in PTE to the Company in exchange of an issuance of shares by the Company. This transfer was in contemplation of an IPO
of the Company. Upon the successful listing of the shares of the Company on 3 June 2022, the Company became the holder of the entire
issued share capital of ADP and 84.746% of the issued share capital of PTE (the “Reorganisation”). Accordingly, immediately upon the
transfer and prior to the listing:
a) ADNOC transferred to the Company:
i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 60% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
ii. its full legal and beneficial interests in PTE, being 50% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
b) BMEH transferred to the Company:
i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 40% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
ii. 34.746% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
In consideration of the transfer by ADNOC of its entire shares in ADP and PTE and the transfer by BMEH of its entire shares in ADP and
34.746% interest in PTE, in each case to the Company, the Company:
a) issued and allotted 18,034,427,450 new shares to ADNOC, that resulted in ADNOC holding, immediately prior to listing, 60% of the
Company’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
b) issued and allotted 12,022,951,633 new shares to BMEH, that resulted in BMEH holding, immediately prior to listing, 40% of the
Company’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
Based on the satisfaction of the condition precedent by the parties pursuant to the Subscription and Transfer Agreement, the effective date of
completion of the above transaction was 31 May 2022. Post completion of the Reorganisation, the Company has acquired control over ADP
and PTE (together referred to as “Borouge Business”).
Borouge Annual Report 2022 117

=== [AR2022.pdf p120] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION
2.1 Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the applicable provisions of the Companies Regulations 2020
of Abu Dhabi Global Market.
2.2 Basis of measurement
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value
of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services.
Fair value is the price that would be received on sale of an asset or paid on transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
΄ In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
΄ In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis.
2.3 Functional and presentation currency
For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the
fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which is described
as follows:
΄ Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
measurement date;
΄ Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
΄ Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are derived from valuation techniques.
The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.
These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollar (“USD”), which is the Group’ functional currency. All amounts have been
rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated.
2.4 Use of judgements and estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The
judgments, estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant,
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Group based its judgements,
assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the consolidated financial statements were prepared. However, the resulting
accounting estimates may differ from actual results. The estimates and assumptions pose a risk of causing adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in
which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in these consolidated financial statements, is included in note 4.
118 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p121] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
2.5 STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE
The new and amended standards and interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the Group’s
consolidated financial statements are disclosed below. The Group intends to adopt these new and amended standards and interpretations,
if applicable, when they become effective.
΄ IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts;
΄ Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of liabilities as Current or Non-Current
΄ Amendments to IAS 8: Definition of Accounting Estimates;
΄ Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies;
΄ Amendments to IAS 12: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction;
΄ Amendments to IFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback;
΄ Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current; and
΄ Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture.
The Group does not expect that the adoption of these new and amended standards and interpretations will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company
(its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if,
the Group has:
΄ Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee)
΄ Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
΄ The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or
similar rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the
relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the
Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:
΄ the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
΄ potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
΄ rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
΄ any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities
at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of
the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the period are
included in consolidated financial statements from the date when the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control
the subsidiary.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (“OCI”) are attributed to equity holders of the Company and to the
non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interest having a deficit balance. Where necessary, adjustments are made
to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group accounting policies. All intra-group assets
and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
consolidation.
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity therein. Those interests of non-controlling
shareholders that are present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets upon liquidation may initially
be measured at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
The choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Other non-controlling interests are initially measured at fair value.
Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the
non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity.
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary without a loss of control, is accounted for as equity transaction. The carrying amount of
the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any
difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interest are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received
is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 119

=== [AR2022.pdf p122] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Basis of consolidation continued
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal recognised in profit or loss is calculated as the difference between
(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount
of the assets (including goodwill), less liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. All amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities
of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as required/permitted by applicable IFRS). The
fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition
for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 when applicable, or the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the
consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree.
For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in general
and administrative expenses.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive
process that, together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical
to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge,
or experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or
scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.
At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date,
except that:
΄ deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in
accordance with IAS 12 and IAS 19, respectively;
΄ liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of
the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquired entity are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at
the acquisition date; and
΄ assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 are measured in accordance with that Standard.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation
in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the
separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent
consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination.
Changes in fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with
corresponding adjustments against goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that
existed at the acquisition date.
The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Other contingent consideration
is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interests (including joint operations) in the acquired
entity is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is
recognised in profit or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised
in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the
Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the
measurement period, or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.
The measurement period ends as soon as the Group receives the necessary information about the facts and circumstances that existed as
of the acquisition date or learns that the information is not obtainable. However, the measurement period cannot exceed one year from the
acquisition date.
120 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p123] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Transactions under common control
A business combination involving entities or business under common control is a business combination in which all the combining entities or
businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the combination and that control is not transitory.
Transactions giving rise to transfer of interests in entities, which are under the common control of the Shareholders, are accounted for using
the pooling of interest method without restatement of comparative information. The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the
carrying amounts recognised previously in the books of the transferor entity. The components of equity of the acquired entities are added to
the same components within Group equity. Any difference between the consideration paid and capital of the acquiree is recognised directly
in equity.
Transfer of Borouge Business
The transfer of the interest in the Borouge Business (refer note 1) is assessed to be a common control transaction as the Borouge Business
continued to be jointly controlled by the Shareholders before and after the Reorganisation. Therefore, the Reorganisation was considered to
be outside the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations. Upon Completion of the Reorganisation, the Group has applied the pooling of
interest method of accounting in line with its accounting policies. Accordingly, for the purpose of these consolidated financial statements:
΄ The assets and liabilities of the Borouge Business were reflected at their carrying amounts. No adjustments were made to reflect fair
values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities, at the date of the combination that would otherwise be recognised under the acquisition
method.
΄ No goodwill was recognised as a result of the combination. Any difference between the consideration transferred and the acquired net
assets is reflected within equity.
The consolidated statement of profit or loss reflects the results of the combining entities from the date of combination.
The following table summarises the book value of the assets and liabilities of ADP and PTE as at the date of the combination:
PTE ADP Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 37,832 7,216,453 7,254,285
Intangible assets 586 63,375 63,961
Right-of-use assets 24,795 5,678 30,473
Investment in sublease – 128,379 128,379
Amounts due from related parties – 908,155 908,155
Inventories 12,677 802,608 815,285
Trade receivables 1,061,309 – 1,061,309
Cash and cash equivalents 93,628 253,936 347,564
Other assets 21,193 93,506 114,699
Total assets 1,252,020 9,472,090 10,724,110
Liabilities
Bank loans – 3,981,666 3,981,666
Trade and other payables 1,007,988 323,535 1,331,523
Income tax payable 7,621 101,262 108,883
Other liabilities 154,696 701,852 856,548
Total liabilities 1,170,305 5,108,315 6,278,620
Net assets as at acquisition date attributable to common equity holders 81,715 4,363,775 4,445,490
Upon the transfer of the subsidiaries, the following components of equity were brought forward from ADP & PTE:
USD’000
Restricted reserve 185,730
Capital reserve 12,490
Actuarial reserve (8,294)
Translation reserve (234)
Retained earnings 3,880,620
A merger reserve of USD 4,446,467 thousand arises as the difference between the book value of the shares issued in the Company in
exchange for the share capital of ADP & PTE.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 121

=== [AR2022.pdf p124] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Going concern
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, reasonable expectation that the Group will continue in
operational existence for the foreseeable future as its subsidiaries have a history of profitable operations and the Group has ready access to
financial resources. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes
a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or
issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added
to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit
or loss.
Financial assets
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases
or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention
in the marketplace.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to cash flows that
are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)’ on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test
and is performed at an instrument level. The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows,
selling the financial assets, or both.
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the
classification of the financial assets.
Amortised cost
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal
repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the
maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.
Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables, investment in sublease, other receivables and due
from related parties. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
recognition of the respective financial instrument.
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, investment in sublease, other receivables and due from related parties. The
expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the
forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures
the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.
The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring
since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date.
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial
instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
122 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p125] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
(i) Significant increase in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is considered to be the date of
initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant
increase in the credit risk since initial recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the
specified debtor will default on the contract.
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and
revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
past due.
The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial
instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:
a) the financial instrument has a low risk of default;
b) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and
c) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower
to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
(ii) Definition of default
The Group employs models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of probability of default (“PD”) of exposures with the
passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in default rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across
various geographies of the Group.
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial
asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:
a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above);
c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the
borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
Write-off policy
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no
realistic prospect of recovery.
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if
there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
adjusted by forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the
assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount drawn down as at
the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in the future by default date determined based on
historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking
information.
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
The Group has elected the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure loss allowance for cash and bank balances, trade receivables, and due
from related parties at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. Accordingly, financial assets which are not credit impaired and which do not have
significant financing component are categorised under stage 2 and lifetime ECL is recognised.
Expected credit losses related to cash and bank balances, trade and other receivables and due from related parties are presented in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 123

=== [AR2022.pdf p126] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the
financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
proceeds received.
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument
classified as at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
investment’s revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which
the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments’
revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables,
or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable
transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank loans, contract liabilities, amount
due to related parties and other payables.
All financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL).
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss to
the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss incorporates any
interest paid on the financial liability.
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is
attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of
changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch with profit or loss. The
remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s
credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred
to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.
Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost
Financial liabilities that are not designated as FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the
relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid
or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.
Offsetting
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if, and only if, there is
a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets
and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The
difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit
or loss.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, short-term deposits held with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
original maturities of three months or less.
124 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p127] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Revenue recognition
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
IFRS 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.
The core principle of IFRS 15 is that an entity should recognise revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Specifically,
the standard introduces a 5-step approach to revenue recognition:
΄ Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
΄ Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
΄ Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
΄ Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.
΄ Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
Under IFRS 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when ‘control’ of the goods or services
underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
The Group is in the business of sale of high-density Polyethylene, linear low-density Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Ethylene, polyolefin and
other compounded products.
The Group applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 and does not disclose information about its remaining performance
obligations if:
a) the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less; or
b) the Group has a right to invoice a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with its performance to date, then it recognises
revenue in that amount.
Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of goods and the insurance and freight service,
based on their stand-alone selling price. For sales transactions with delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and
Cost & Freight), the Group has an additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight services subsequent to the transfer
of the goods to the customer.
Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are as follows:
(i) Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are transferred to the customers based on trade terms
and all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
(ii) Freight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of service which coincides with the shipment delivery period.
Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation
(“PO”) by transferring control of a promised good or service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the
transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.
The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative stand-alone selling prices of the promised goods
or services. The individual standalone selling price of a good or service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has
a highly variable selling price, is determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the transaction price to
goods and/or services with observable stand-alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is allocated to one or more, but not all,
of the PO if it relates specifically to those POs.
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the
promised goods or services. The transaction price may be fixed or variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes
a significant financing component. Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group does not receive
a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration is variable, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price to
the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the
variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the PO. If a PO is satisfied over time,
revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion reflecting the progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO.
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods delivered to the customer and is recognised when all criteria for acceptance have been
satisfied.
The following table provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations in revenue contracts with
customers, including significant payment terms, and the related revenue recognition policies:
Borouge Annual Report 2022 125

=== [AR2022.pdf p128] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Revenue recognition continued
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers continued
Nature of goods or services The Company generates revenue from sales of polyolefin and compounded products.
When revenue is recognised Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of goods
and the insurance and freight service, based on their stand-alone selling price. For sales transactions
with delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and Cost & Freight), the Group has
additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight services subsequent to the transfer of
the goods to the customer.
Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are as follows:
(i) Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are transferred
to the customers based on trade terms and all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
(ii) F reight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of service which coincides
with the shipment delivery period.
Significant payment terms Invoices are issued upon goods delivery. The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days
to their customers which are common market credit terms. In cases where, the Group received cash
paid in advance of goods delivered and to the extent that they remain undelivered as at reporting
date, the Group defers recognition of revenue and recognise such amounts in the consolidated
statement of financial position as “Contract liabilities”.
Obligations for returns and refunds, Sales returns
if any Customers have the right to return the goods to the Group within 14 days if the products are found
defective or do not conform with requirements. For contracts that permit the customer to return an
item, revenue is recognised to the extent that revenue recognised will not be reversed.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated based on
past sales returns data. The Group will also recognise the related assets for the rights to recover the
returned goods as inventories based on the previous carrying amounts of the goods plus expected
recovery costs.
Volume rebate
Volume rebates are given to certain customers based on fulfilment of contractually agreed sales
targets over a period of time. Such rebates are accounted for as a variable consideration and is
adjusted against revenue.
The rebate amount is estimated based on the most likely outcome method and is recognised when
the probability of paying the sales rebates to the customers is high. The Group reviews its estimate of
expected rebate at each reporting date based on the sales to customers, contingent on a future event
occurring or not occurring, and recognise the rebate as a reduction of the revenue.
Other income
Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefit will flow to the Group and the amount of income can be
measured reliably.
126 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p129] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost
includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the assets.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable
that future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Capital
work in progress is carried at cost less any recognised impairment loss. When commissioned, capital work in progress is transferred to
the appropriate property, plant and equipment category and is depreciated in accordance with the Group’s policies.
Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost less estimated residual values of property, plant and equipment, other than capital work
in progress, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following basis, as follows:
Buildings 15 – 40 years
Plant and machinery 8 – 30 years
Motor vehicles 4 – 10 years
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 – 4 years
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of
any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis. The plant performs regular major inspections and overhauls, i.e. turnarounds.
When each major turnaround is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the item of property, plant and equipment as
a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Other plant turnaround costs are expensed as incurred. The gain or loss arising on
the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.
Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take
a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted
from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are
incurred.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired are recorded at cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows:
Computer software 3 – 5 years
Cracker rights 10 years
License costs 10 years
Others 4 years
License costs represent irrevocable exclusive and non-exclusive rights and licenses granted by Borealis to the Group for use of Borealis’s
proprietary catalyst, process design, patent rights and technical information in order to design, construct, maintain and operate the Ruwais
plant, as well as use and sell Polyethylene (“PE”) resins manufactured in the plant.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of
finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, consumables, spare parts, direct labour and materials and related overheads
(based on normal operating capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated
costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Provision is made for obsolete and slow-moving items.
Impairment of tangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to determine whether there is any indication that
those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to
determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the
Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis
of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the
smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 127

=== [AR2022.pdf p130] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Impairment of tangible assets continued
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of
the asset (or cash generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating unit) is increased to the revised
estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Leases
The Group as a lessee
At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract
to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices. However, for the leases of property the Group has elected not to
separate non-lease components and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the
Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease
period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset
is depreciated over the earlier of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. The estimated useful lives of the assets
is as follows:
Land lease 35 years
Transportation, storage, and terminals 4 years
Buildings and infrastructure 3 to 9 years
Fixture, fittings, and office equipment 3 years
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of fixed
payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
΄ the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
΄ any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; and
΄ restoration costs.
The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short-term leases.
The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The Group as a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards
incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. As part
of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It assesses the lease
classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.
If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an
operating lease.
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub-lease of a plot of land to a related party
Borouge 4.
Interest income
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.
128 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p131] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Taxation
Value added tax (VAT)
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of VAT, except:
΄ When VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case, VAT is recognised
as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as applicable;
΄ When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included.
The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the
consolidated statement of financial position.
Current income tax
The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Estimates are required in determining the group-wide provision for income
taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax position is uncertain during the ordinary course of business.
The Group recognises provisions for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due.
Income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date
in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.
The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject
to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for using the
balance sheet liability method.
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised.
Deferred tax is charged or credited in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset for financial reporting purposes when they relate to income taxes levied by the taxation
authorities.
Employees’ benefit
(i) Short term obligation
An accrual is made for estimated liability for employees’ entitlement to annual leave and leave passage as a result of services rendered by
eligible employees up to the end of the reporting period. The accrual relating to annual leave and leave passage is disclosed as a current
liability in the consolidated statement of financial position.
(ii) Employees’ end of service benefits (“EOSB”)
The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the defined end of service benefit plan is the present
value of the projected defined benefit obligation (“DBO”) at the end of the reporting period. The provision for EOSB is calculated by a
qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method whilst considering the Group’s policy with respect to end of service benefits where
it requires the provision to be at least equal to the benefits payable in accordance with the UAE Labour law for their period of service up to
the end of the reporting period.
The provision relating to EOSB is disclosed as a non-current liability.
Re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately in other
comprehensive income. Re-measurements are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods.
The liability is calculated as the current value of the vested benefits to which the employee is entitled, should the employee leave at the
consolidated statement of financial position date. Payments are based on employees’ final salaries and allowances and their cumulative
years of service, as stated in the UAE Labour law.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 129

=== [AR2022.pdf p132] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED
Employees’ benefit continued
(ii) Employees’ end of service benefits (“EOSB”) continued
Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined EOSB obligation. The Group recognises
the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss within personnel costs:
΄ Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-routine settlements.
΄ Net interest expense or income
(iii) Pension contributions
With respect to its UAE national employees, the Group makes pension contributions to the Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits
Funds in accordance with the Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits Fund’s regulations. With respect to its GCC national employees,
the Group makes pension contributions to the pension funds or agencies of their respective countries. Such contributions are charged to
operating costs during the employees’ period of service.
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Foreign currencies transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated at the rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period,
monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates
of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with
the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is
recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI or profit or loss, respectively).
In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the derecognition
of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to advance consideration, the date of the transaction is the date on which the Group
initially recognises the non monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or
receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of advance consideration.
Group companies
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into USD at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting
date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly
during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
classified as equity and transferred to the foreign currency translation reserve. Such exchange differences are recognised in the profit or loss
in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.
Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of exchange at the
reporting date.
Current versus non-current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on current/non-current classification.
An asset as current when it is:
΄ Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
΄ Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
΄ Expected to be realised within 12 months after the reporting period; or
΄ Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 12 months after the reporting
period.
All other assets are classified as non-current.
A liability is current when:
΄ It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
΄ It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
΄ It is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or
΄ There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
130 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p133] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Corporate taxes
On 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance released Federal Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 on the Taxation of Corporations and
Businesses (Corporate Tax Law or the Law) to enact a Federal corporate tax (CT) regime in the UAE. The CT regime will become effective
for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 June 2023.
Generally, UAE businesses will be subject to a 9% CT rate. A rate of 0% will apply to taxable income not exceeding a particular threshold
to be prescribed by way of a Cabinet Decision (expected to be AED 375,000 based on information released by the Ministry of Finance).
In addition, there are several other decisions that are yet to be finalised by way of a Cabinet Decision that are significant in order for entities
to determine their tax status and the taxable income. Therefore, pending such important decisions by the Cabinet as at 31 December 2022,
the Group has considered that the Law is not substantively enacted from IAS 12 – Income Taxes perspective as at 31 December 2022.
The Group shall continue to monitor the timing of the issuance of these critical cabinet decisions to determine their tax status and the
application of IAS 12 – Income Taxes.
The Group is currently in the process of assessing the possible impact on the consolidated financial statements, both from current and
deferred tax perspective, once these critical cabinet decisions are issued.
4 CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future
events may occur which will cause the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are
reflected in the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably determinable.
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Critical judgements
Segment information
For management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products and services and management has
concluded that it has only one reportable segment. The Group is managed as a single business unit and the financial performance is
reported in the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision-maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that makes strategic
decisions. The financial information reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for the Group. The CODM
monitors the operating results of its business unit separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance
assessment.
Determination of principal status
The Group measures its revenue at the fair value of consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms of
payment and excluding taxes or duty, as the Group has determined that it is acting as principal in the transactions. The determination of
whether the Group is principal or agent requires judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates whether it controls each specified
good or service before that good or service is transferred to the customer.
Asset retirement obligation
The Group exercises judgement in evaluating whether an arrangement contains a legal or constructive obligation to remove the plant and
equipment and restore the land at the end of the contractual arrangement or end of useful life of the Group’s plant and equipment constructed
and installed on land leased from government related entities. The management has concluded it does not have any legal or constructive
obligation relating to decommissioning activity.
Functional currency
Management considers USD to be the currency that most faithfully represents the economic effect of the underlying transactions, events and
conditions. USD is the currency in which the Group measures its performance and reports its results.
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant and equipment and the intangible
assets based on the historical pattern of useful lives and general standards in the industry. The useful lives and residual values are reviewed
for reasonableness by management on an annual basis.
Useful lives of right-of-use assets
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of its right-of-use assets for calculating depreciation. The cost of right-of-use
assets are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is based on shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives
of the assets. The Group reviews the estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets at the end of each annual reporting period. Any change in
the lease term or pattern of consumption of these assets are adjusted prospectively.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 131

=== [AR2022.pdf p134] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
4 CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY CONTINUED
Critical judgements continued
Assessment of indicators of impairment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is objective evidence that its non-financial assets are impaired. The Group’s
non-financial assets primarily comprise property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. To determine whether there
is objective evidence of impairment, the Group considers factors such as operating economic conditions, industry developments and other
factors which could affect the carrying value of these assets. An impairment exists when carrying value of an asset or cash-generating unit
exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value-in-use. During the current period,
impairment expense amounting to USD 13,483 thousand was recorded in relation to property, plant and equipment.
Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing rate (IBR) to measure
lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the
funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects
what the Group ‘would have to pay’, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when they need to be adjusted to
reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when
available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the Comnpany’s stand-alone credit rating).
Contingencies
By their nature, contingencies will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The assessment of contingencies
inherently involves the exercise of significant judgement and estimate of the outcome of future events. The Group receives claims from its
customers and suppliers as part of its ongoing business and records a provision based on assessment of reliability and probability of the
outflow of economic resources (note 24).
Income tax and deferred tax assets
The amount of income tax payable is subject to adjustment pending final agreement on all items of revenue, costs and expenses for the
period ended 31 December 2022 between the Group and the representatives of Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs
(“SCFAEA”). Management believes that the finalisation of the discussion will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements.
Deferred tax assets are recognised against differences between tax basis and accounting basis of recording for depreciation on property,
plant and equipment, amortisation of intangible assets, amortisation of right-of-use asset and end of service benefits to the extent that it is
probable that taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. Significant management judgment is
required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable
profits (note 12).
Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties and trade and other receivables
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for amounts due from related parties and other receivables. ECLs
are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group
expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The assessment of the correlation between historical
observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.
An estimate of the collectible amount of due from related parties and trade and other receivables is made when collection of the full amount
is no longer probable. For individually significant amounts, this estimation is performed on an individual basis. As at 31 December 2022,
gross trade receivable, other receivables and amounts due from related parties were USD 892,585 thousand, USD 41,247 thousand and
USD 196,368 thousand with provision for expected credit losses of USD 2,246 thousand, USD 2,604 thousand and USD nil respectively.
Any difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected to be received will be recognised in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Impairment of inventories
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or obsolete, an estimate is made of their net
realisable value. For individually significant amounts this estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually
significant, but which are old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and the degree
of ageing or obsolescence, based on historical selling prices. As at 31 December 2022, gross inventory was USD 698,989 thousand. As at
31 December 2022, a provision of USD 44,350 thousand on inventories has been recorded. Any difference between the amounts actually
realised in future periods and the amounts expected to be realised will be recognised in the profit or loss (note 8).
132 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p135] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Impairment of non-financial assets
An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of
its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on available data from binding sales
transactions in arm’s length transactions of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset.
The value in use calculation is based on a discounted cash flow model. The cash flows are derived from the budget for the next five years
and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset’s
performance of the CGU being tested.
5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Plant and Furniture, fixtures Capital
Buildings machinery Motor vehicles and equipment work-in-progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Cost
Balance at incorporation – – – – – –
Balance arising on business combination
(note 3) 703,515 12,376,019 13,912 173,598 293,592 13,560,636
Additions 54 559 – 1,179 111,184 112,976
Disposals – (65) – (2,586) – (2,651)
Transfers from capital work in progress 5,966 72,587 181 2,180 (80,914) –
Transfers to intangibles (note 6) – – – – (1,338) (1,338)
Exchange differences (1,150) (2,192) – (723) (327) (4,392)
At 31 December 2022 708,385 12,446,908 14,093 173,648 322,197 13,665,231
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at incorporation – – – – – –
Balance arising on business combination
(note 3) 304,537 5,821,889 13,056 166,869 – 6,306,351
Impairment – 8,037 – – 5,446 13,483
Depreciation 14,920 279,751 123 2,323 – 297,117
Disposals – (58) – (2,574) – (2,632)
Exchange differences (429) (1,200) – (655) – (2,284)
At 31 December 2022 319,028 6,108,419 13,179 165,963 5,446 6,612,035
Net book value
At 31 December 2022 389,357 6,338,489 914 7,685 316,751 7,053,196
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are constructed, was granted by the Supreme
Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with the letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees,
expect for the Borouge 4-Plant Site in accordance with the agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021.
On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of Sas Al Nakhl Area where rent will be payable on land for
the Innovation Centre Site.
The depreciation charge for the period is allocated to statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 240,605
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 55,033
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 1,476
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 3
297,117
Borouge Annual Report 2022 133

=== [AR2022.pdf p136] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Computer Capital work
software Cracker rights License costs in progress Others Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Cost
Balance at incorporation – – – – – –
Balance arising on business combination
(note 3) 113,299 11,305 29,596 309 155,190 309,699
Additions 853 – – 29 – 882
Disposals (281) – – – – (281)
Transfers from (to) property, plant, and
equipment (note 5) 328 – – (238) 1,248 1,338
Exchange differences (89) – – 71 – (18)
At 31 December 2022 114,110 11,305 29,596 171 156,438 311,620
Accumulated amortisation
Balance at incorporation – – – – – –
Balance arising on business combination
(note 3) 72,097 11,305 25,343 – 136,993 245,738
Charge for the period 6,669 – 58 – 3,881 10,608
Disposals (281) – – – – (281)
Exchange differences (61) – – – – (61)
At 31 December 2022 78,424 11,305 25,401 – 140,874 256,004
Net book value
At 31 December 2022 35,686 – 4,195 171 15,564 55,616
The amortisation charge for the period is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 8,461
Amortisation included in unsold inventory 1,946
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 158
Selling and distribution (note 23) 43
10,608
134 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p137] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
7 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are constructed, was granted by the Supreme
Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with the letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees,
expect for the Borouge 4-Plant Site in accordance with the agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021.
On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of Sas Al Nakhl Area where rent will be payable on land for
the Innovation Centre Site.
(a) Right-of-use assets
2022
USD’000
Cost:
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination (note 3) 47,802
Additions 99
Disposals (634)
Transfer to sublease, net (1,692)
Exchange differences (1,212)
At 31 December 2022 44,363
Accumulated depreciation:
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combinaton (note 3) 17,329
Charge for the period 2,865
Disposal (634)
Exchange differenes (405)
At 31 December 2022 19,155
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 2022 25,208
The depreciation for the period is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 181
Amortisation included in unsold inventory 2
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 2,578
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 104
2,865
(b) Investment in sublease
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub-lease of a plot of land to a related party
Borouge 4 (note 11(d)).
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination (note 3) 128,379
Accretion of interest 6,673
At 31 December 2022 135,052
Borouge Annual Report 2022 135

=== [AR2022.pdf p138] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
7 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES CONTINUED
(c) Lease liabilities
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination 162,870
Payments (2,857)
Interest expense 4,161
Exchange differences (796)
At 31 December 2022 163,378
Non-current 158,884
Current 4,494
Total 163,378
Set out below, is the amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income related to lease
liabilities:
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Depreciation charge 2,865
Interest expense 4,161
7,026
8 INVENTORIES
2022
USD’000
Finished goods 360,752
Spare parts 159,209
Raw materials 173,290
Goods in transit 310
Work in progress 5,428
698,989
Less: allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories (44,350)
654,639
Finished goods include an allocation of depreciation and amortisation charges amounting to USD 56,981 thousand. The movement in the
allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories during the period was as follows:
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination 45,453
Reversal of provision during the period (1,103)
At 31 December 2022 44,350
136 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p139] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
9 RECEIVABLES
(a) Trade receivables
2022
USD’000
Trade receivables 892,585
Less: provision for expected credit losses (2,246)
890,339
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables were as follows
:
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Charge for expected credit losses 2,246
At 31 December 2022 2,246
As at 31 December 2022, the analysis of trade receivables and provision for expected credit losses is as follows:
Neither past due Past due
Total nor due 1-30 days 31-60 days 61 – 90 days 91 – 180 days Over 180 days
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2022
Expected credit loss rate 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 28% 0.00%
Estimated total gross carrying
amount at default 892,585 829,131 39,950 6,098 9,344 8,062 –
Expected credit losses 2,246 2 – 1 6 2,237 –
(b) Prepayments and other receivables
2022
USD’000
Other receivables 31,824
Tax recoverable 7,546
Deposit 1,877
Less: provision for expected credit losses (2,604)
38,643
Prepayments 8,416
47,059
No interest is charged on the other receivable balances. Past due receivables are provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts
determined by reference to management expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the
Group considers any change in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.
The movement in the provision for expected credit losses during the period was as follows:
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination 3,272
Reversal of provision for the period, net (668)
At 31 December 2022 2,604
Borouge Annual Report 2022 137

=== [AR2022.pdf p140] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
10 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
2022
USD’000
Cash at bank – current accounts 633,949
Short-term deposits 509,886
Cash in hand 5
Cash and cash equivalents 1,143,840
Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are cash and bank balances amounting to USD 4,267 thousand that are denominated in
Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”). RMB is not a freely convertible currency and remittance of funds inward and outward of the People’s Republic of
China (“PRC”) is subject to exchange control regulations by the PRC government.
Short-term deposits are mainly denominated in US Dollar and earn interest at floating rate of 1.63% per annum with an original maturity period
of less than three months.
11 RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
(a) Related parties
Related parties comprise the Government of Abu Dhabi and related departments and institutions (owner of the majority shareholder),
associated companies, joint ventures, shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and entities controlled,
jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s
management. During the period, the Group entered into the following significant transactions with related parties at prices and on terms
agreed between the related parties:
(b) Related party transactions
2022
Nature USD’000
Sale of goods
ADNOC Shareholder 135,607
Borealis AG Shareholder 219,987
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 12,525
368,119
2022
Nature USD’000
Cost of sales
Purchase of feedstock (ADNOC) Shareholder 840,523
Purchase of catalyst (Borealis AG) Shareholder 384,008
Re-charge electricity and water (ADNOC) Shareholder 138,450
Fuel, gas and oil (ADNOC Distribution) Affiliate 3,472
Royalties (Borealis) (note 19) Shareholder 25,105
Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Gas processing Affiliate 12,096
Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Industrial Gas-(Elixir) Affiliate 3,656
1,407,310
2022
Nature USD’000
Selling and distribution costs
(ADNOC Logistics and Services) Affiliate 106,793
Administrative costs including secondee costs
(ADNOC, Borealis and Borouge Pte) Shareholder/Affiliate 9,648
Compensation of key management personnel
2022
USD’000
Short-term benefits 2,966
Long-term benefits 234
138 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p141] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Other transactions
Tax
An amount of USD 324,946 thousand was paid to the Government of Abu Dhabi Department of Finance by the Group as per the fiscal
agreement. At 31 December 2022, an amount of USD 34,763 thousand was payable to the tax authorities.
Land – right of use
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings and plant and machinery are constructed, were granted by the
Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with the letter dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free
of all fees, expect for the Borouge 4 Plant Site in accordance with the agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November
2021. On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of Sas Al Nakhl area where rent will be payable on land
for Innovation Centre Site (note 7).
Dividends
During the period ended 31 December 2022, dividends of USD 325 million were declared and paid in accordance with a resolution of the
Board of Directors (note 14).
(c) Amounts due to related parties
2022
Nature USD’000
ADNOC Shareholder 500,609
Borealis AG Shareholder 129,369
ADNOC Distribution Affiliate 548
ADNOC Logistics Affiliate 26,466
ADNOC Gas Processing Affiliate 3,422
ADNOC Global Trading co Affiliate 5
ADNOC Onshore Affiliate 19
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 14,578
ADNOC Industrial Gas Affiliate 569
Borouge 4 Affiliate 5,477
681,062
Amounts due to related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as:
2022
USD’000
Non-current 67,441
Current 613,621
Total 681,062
(d) Amounts due from related parties
2022
Nature USD’000
ADNOC Shareholder 74,613
Borealis AG Shareholder 100,073
Borouge 4 Affiliate 14,206
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 3,808
ADNOC Global Affiliate 3,668
196,368
Borouge 4 – Investment in sublease (note7(b)) Affiliate 135,052
331,420
Borouge Annual Report 2022 139

=== [AR2022.pdf p142] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
11 RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES CONTINUED
(d) Amounts due from related parties continued
The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days to their customers which are common market credit terms. No interest is
charged on amounts due from related parties. Past due receivables are provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts determined
by reference to management expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group
considers any change in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.
Management believes that no provision for expected credit losses is required. The ageing analysis of amounts due from related parties
is as follows:
Weighted average Provision for expected
loss rate Gross receivables credit losses
USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2022
< 70 days 0% 177,003 –
Past due 71 – 180 days 0% 22,112 –
Past due 181 – 365 days 0% 129,699 –
Past due > 365 days 0% 2,606 –
331,420 –
Amounts due from related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as:
2022
USD’000
Investment in sublease – non-current 135,052
Amounts due from related parties – non-current 2,606
Amounts due from related parties – current 193,762
Total 331,420
12 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
a) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
2022
USD’000
Current tax expense 264,130
Deferred tax expense
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 20,705
284,835
b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Profit for the period before tax 1,018,658
Effective tax rate 29.03%
Tax on accounting profit at applicable rate 295,716
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses
Tax effect of exempt income/tax holidays –
Opening deferred tax assets remeasured (6,046)
Deferred tax assets reversed on disposed assets during current period –
Others (4,835)
284,835
140 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p143] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
c) Movement in deferred tax balances
Deferred tax represents temporary differences arising due to the difference in useful lives used for accounting purposes and that used for
fiscal purposes for all assets. It also arises due to the timing difference created in respect of the provision and payment relating to end of
service benefits. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
deductible temporary differences. Deferred tax relates to the following:
Recognised in At
At inception profit or loss 31 December 2022
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Property, plant and equipment (74,858) 13,788 (61,070)
Other provision 62,298 (34,493) 27,805
Deferred tax liability (12,560) (20,705) (33,265)
13 SHARE CAPITAL
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company which became effective on 28 April 2022, the Company issued 50,000
ordinary shares of USD 1 each on its incorporation to the Shareholders. By virtue of the Subscription and Transfer agreement dated
17 May 2022, the Company issued further shares effective 31 May 2022 (note 1) increasing its share capital to USD 4.8 billion divided
into 30,057,691,583 shares, each valued at USD 0.16.
USD’000
Authorised, issued and fully paid
30,057,691,583 ordinary shares of USD 0.16 each 4,809,231
14 RESERVES
Merger reserve
The merger reserve was recognised on combination of the Borouge Business under the pooling of interest method (note 3).
Restricted reserve
For the Company, in accordance with ADGM laws the provisions of the Decree Law No.32 of 2021 shall not apply to companies established
in free zones of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.
For the subsidiary ADP, in accordance with the UAE Federal Law No. 32 of 2021 and the Articles of Association of the subsidiary ADP,
10% of the profit is transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. Such transfers are required to be made until the reserve is equal to
50% of the paid-up share capital of ADP.
For the subsidiary PTE, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations of PRC, a portion of the profit of a subsidiary established in PRC
is required to transfer to a statutory reserve which is restricted in use.
Capital reserve
The capital reserve attributable to the owners of the Company relates to a waiver of a related party payable balance amounting to
USD 14.8 million in prior years of PTE, the subsidiary.
Actuarial reserve
Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions on post-employment benefits
are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income. They are included in the actuarial reserve in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the consolidated financial statements of foreign
operations into the Group’s presentation currency.
Dividends
On 27 July 2022, the Board of Directors approved an interim dividend amounting to USD 325 million (amounting to AED 1.2 billion or 3.97 fils
per share) which was distributed during the fourth quarter of the year 2022 (note 11(b)).
Borouge Annual Report 2022 141

=== [AR2022.pdf p144] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
15 PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES’ END OF SERVICE BENEFITS
The Group has a post-employment benefit plan that is awarded to employees in the United Arab Emirates. Under the plan, qualifying
employees will receive gratuity benefits when they leave service. The employees are entitled to receive a lumpsum benefit based on their last
drawn salaries taking into account the number of years of their service to the Group.
The defined benefit plan is unfunded. In the estimation of the defined benefit liability, the Group engaged an independent actuary to assess
the defined benefit plan obligation. The defined benefit plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks such as mortality rates, interest rates, and
expected retirement and termination rates.
The provision for employees’ end of service benefit as of 31 December 2022 is as follows:
2022
USD’000
Defined benefit obligation – non-current 93,926
Movement in defined benefit obligation
The following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the net defined benefit liability and its
components.
2022
USD’000
Balance at incorporation –
Balance arising on business combination 110,234
Included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
Current service cost 5,337
Interest cost 370
5,707
Other
Benefits paid (3,218)
Remeasurement of provision
Actuarial gains – arising from experience (15)
Actuarial gains – arising from financial assumptions (18,782)
(18,797)
Balance at 31 December 93,926
Actuarial assumptions
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date (expressed as weighted averages).
2022
Discount rate 5.00%
Salary escalation rate per annum 4.00%
Sensitivity analysis
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant,
would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.
2022
USD’000
Increase Decrease
Discount rate (1% movement) (6,415) 5,506
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,776 (6,742)
142 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p145] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
16 BANK LOANS
31 December 2022
USD’000
Commercial term facility 3,650,000
Islamic facility 350,000
4,000,000
Unamortised transaction costs (16,001)
3,983,999
This represents external facilities from a consortium of banks amounting to USD 4,000 million with a maturity of 5 years, comprising a
commercial term facility of USD 3,650 million and an Islamic facility of USD 350 million. The commercial term facility carries an interest rate
of LIBOR + 0.90% margin per annum and the Islamic facility carries a profit margin amount. The repayment of the commercial term and
Islamic finance facilities will be in full after 5 years. During the period, interest on this loan amounted to USD 91,741 thousand and transaction
costs amortised amounted to USD 2,333 thousand. There was no repayment of the principle loan balance during the period, except for the
settlement of the interest balances. There are no bank covenants or collateral maintained for the loans.
As at 31 December 2022, the Group has an undrawn revolving loan facility with First Abu Dhabi Bank amounting to USD 500 million, valid
up to 5 years. The loan bears an interest rate at LIBOR plus margin per annum of 0.8%. Total commitment fee recognised during the period
amounted to USD 594 thousand. There are no bank covenants or collateral maintained for this facility.
31 December 2022
USD’000
Current liabilities –
Non-current liabilities 3,983,999
3,983,999
17 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2022
USD’000
Trade accounts payable 87,666
Accrued expenses 238,597
Contract liabilities (note 18) 33,044
Other payables 10,454
369,761
Trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and have an average credit period of 30 days. The Group has financial risk management
policies in place to ensure that all payables are paid within the credit timeframe.
18 REVENUE
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Sale of goods (net of commissions and rebates)
Polyethylene 2,245,241
Polypropylene 1,603,369
Ethylene and others 148,541
3,997,151
Timing of revenue recognition
At a point in time 3,997,151
Revenue from contracts with customers 3,997,151
Borouge Annual Report 2022 143

=== [AR2022.pdf p146] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
18 REVENUE CONTINUED
In terms of the timing of revenue recognition, revenue is recognised at a point in time, when the control of goods is transferred to the
Customer. The Group does not render any installation or other services. There are no financing components on these contracts with
customers. The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 90 days from delivery.
Certain contracts for the sale of goods provide customers with a right of return. However, the sales returns are negligible as compared to
the gross revenue for the sale of goods. Based on estimated expected returns, goods that are likely to be returned are expected to be very
minimal. Considering that the sales returns of the Group are not significant, the Group has not recorded a refund liability and a right of return
asset for anticipated sales returns as of 31 December 2022.
Geographical information
Revenue based on the geographical location of customers as follow:
Period from 28 April
2022 (inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Austria 223,472
Bangladesh 92,566
Egypt 316,457
India 564,385
Israel 65,893
Pakistan 168,272
People’s Republic of China 1,272,880
Saudi Arabia 74,948
United Arab Emirates 464,899
Vietnam 85,902
Others 667,477
3,997,151
Contract balances
Contract liabilities relate to advance consideration received from customers for sale of polyolefin products. The Group did not account for any
significant financing component arising from these advances as the related performance obligations are completed within less than 12 months.
19 COST OF SALES
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Cost of production and other related costs 1,921,335
Staff cost (note 20) 190,576
Depreciation on goods sold (note 5) 240,605
Amortisation on goods sold (note 6) 8,461
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 181
Royalty expense (note 11(b)) 25,105
2,386,263
19.1 Royalty expense relates to fees charged by Borealis for the manufacturing of polyolefin products under the Borstar® process
license and process design agreement.
144 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p147] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
20 STAFF COST
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 190,576
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 51,594
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 58,368
300,538
21 OTHER INCOME
Other income relates mainly to sale of scrap materials that took place during the period.
22 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Salaries and wages (note 20) 51,594
Maintenance cost 14,064
General service cost 11,369
Corporate service cost 5,509
Human capability cost 4,581
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 2,578
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 1,476
Insurance and taxation 1,450
Travel cost 506
Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 158
Others 19,298
112,583
23 SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
USD’000
Shipping cost 214,912
Storage cost 126,670
Salaries and wages (note 2) 58,368
General service cost 2,548
Travel cost 1,884
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 3
Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 43
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 104
Others 9,620
414,152
24 CONTINGENCY
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had contingent liabilities amounting to USD 153 thousand in respect of bank and other guarantees and
other matters arising in the ordinary course of business from which it is anticipated that no material liabilities will arise.
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements if concluded unfavorably.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 145

=== [AR2022.pdf p148] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
25 SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS
The business activities of the Group are performed on an integrated basis. Therefore, any segmentation of operating income, expenses,
assets and liabilities is not relevant and is not performed for internal management reporting purposes.
For internal management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products and services and has only one
reportable segment. The Group is managed as a single business unit and the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting
provided to the Chief Operating Decision-maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and
assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that makes strategic decisions. The financial information
reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its
business unit separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.
The CODM regularly reviews the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The CODM function is to allocate
resources to and assess the performance of the operating segments of the Group. Based on the review and assessment of the CODM,
the Group has a single operating segment, which is ‘Polyolefin Business’.
There are no other economic characteristics within the Group that will lead to determination of other operating segments. This analysis
requires significant judgement as to the circumstances of the Group.
The Group does not have any operating segments that are aggregated. The CODM has considered the following criteria in determining the
operating segments of the Group:
΄ the nature of products and services;
΄ the nature of the production processes;
΄ the type or class of customer for their products and services; and
΄ the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services.
Based on the criteria and evaluation above, the CODM has determined that the Group has only one operating segment, which is consistent
with the internal reporting and performance measurement.
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Overview
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management framework and is
responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies. The Group’s risk management policies are established
to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits.
Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities.
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
΄ Credit risk
΄ Liquidity risk
΄ Market risk
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for
measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these
consolidated financial statements. Credit risk is limited to the carrying values of financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial
position.
i Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial
loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities primarily for other receivables and amounts due from related parties and
from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions and other financial instruments.
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting
date was:
2022
Notes USD’000
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 196,368
Loans to employees 33,941
Cash and cash equivalents 10 1,143,840
Trade receivables 9(a) 890,339
Prepayments and other receivables 9(b) 38,643
146 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p149] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
The Group’s credit risk primarily relates to concentration of credit attributable to the amounts due from third parties. Management estimates
that this concentration of credit risk is not significant, as exposure is ultimately spread over a large number of third party customers. All
balances with banks represent commercial banks in the Middle East region. For banks, only reputable and independently rated parties with
a sound rating are accepted.
The amount that best represents its maximum credit risk exposure at the reporting date, in the event counter parties fail to perform their
obligations under financial instruments generally approximates their carrying value. Amounts due from related parties and certain other
receivables and balances with banks are not secured by any collateral.
ii Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled
by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool.
The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and funds from
shareholders. The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise amounts due to related parties, trade and other payables, lease liabilities
and bank loans. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s operations and construction activity.
The shareholders of the Group and the facilities obtained from banks are the main source of funding for the Group and the liquidity risk for
the Group is assessed to be low. The Group limits its liquidity risk by ensuring adequate cash from operations, bank facilities and funds from
Shareholders are available.
At 31 December 2022, 18.8% of the Group’s financial liabilities will mature in less than one year based on the carrying value of borrowings
reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at
31 December 2022 based on undiscounted payments and current market interest rates:
Contractual One year More than
Carrying value cash flows or less one year
Notes USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2022
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 681,062 (681,062) (613,621) (67,441)
Lease liability 7(c) 163,378 (297,086) (5,568) (291,518)
Bank loan including interest 16 3,983,999 (4,831,345) (214,912) (4,616,433)
Trade and other payables 17 87,666 (87,666) (87,666) –
4,916,105 (5,897,159) (921,767) (4,975,392)
iii Market risk
Market price risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the
return. Market prices comprise the following types of risk:
Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign
exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the operating activities and assets
and liabilities denominated in a different currency from the functional currencies.
The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Thus, exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 5% increase in exchange rates for the Japanese Yen,
Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Singaporean Dollar and Swiss Frank over the United States Dollar, with all other variables held constant, of
the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). A 5% decrease in exchange rates will have
the same opposite effect. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not material.
2022
USD’000
5% increase in exchange rates – impact on profit or loss
Japanese Yen (19)
Chinese Yuan Renminbi 149
Euro 120
Singaporean Dollar (900)
Swiss Frank (52)
(702)
Borouge Annual Report 2022 147

=== [AR2022.pdf p150] ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
31 DECEMBER 2022
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
iii Market risk continued
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
rate. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank loan drawdown.
The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is based on the financial
assets and financial liabilities held at 31 December 2022.
The interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows:
2022
USD’000
Increase of 0.5% (19,920)
Decrease of 0.5% 19,920
iv Capital risk management
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to achieve strong credit metrics and healthy capital ratios in order to support
its business and maximise shareholder value. The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in
economic conditions. There are no regulatory imposed requirements on the level of share capital which the Group has not met.
The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. The Group includes within net debt,
trade and other payables, amounts due to related parties, lease liabilities and income tax payable less cash and cash equivalents. Capital
includes total equity.
2022
Notes USD’000
Trade and other payables 17 369,761
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 681,062
Bank loans 16 3,983,999
Lease liabilities 7(c) 163,378
Income tax payable 40,267
Less: cash and cash equivalents (1,143,840)
Total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 4,094,627
Total equity 4,869,600
Equity and total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 8,964,227
Gearing ratio 0.46
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Balance arising
on business
At inception combination Cash outflows Proceeds 31 December 2022
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Bank loan – 3,983,999 – – 3,983,999
Total liabilities from financing activities – 3,983,999 – – 3,983,999
27 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
The Group has authorised and committed estimated future expenditure amounting to USD 75,581 thousand.
148 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p151] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
28 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the Group by the weighted average
number of share outstanding during the period as follows:
Period from
28 April 2022
(inception) to
31 December 2022
Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD ’000) 724,345
Weighted average number of shares in issue 30,057,691,583
Earnings per share (USD) 0.02
There are no dilutive securities therefore diluted EPS is the same as basic EPS.
29 COVID-19 IMPACT
Given the strong pro-active Health and Safely Environment (“HSE”) approach at production sites and plants combined with a diversified
product portfolio that the Group produces, the management is not aware of any material uncertainties related to events or conditions that
may cast significant risk on the Group or its operations and does not anticipate a future material impact of the Covid-19 outbreak on the
Group’s consolidated financial statements at this stage.
30 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Management considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities approximate their fair values.
31 APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 1 February 2023.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 149

=== [AR2022.pdf p152] ===
150 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p153] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
UNAUDITED
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Unaudited Pro-Forma
Consolidated Financial Statements
152-154
Unaudited Statement of Profit and Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income 152
Unaudited Summary of Operating Profit 153
Unaudited Earnings Per Share (EPS) 154
Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA 154
Borouge PLC was formally established on 28 April 2022, and as such
our statutory published financials only cover the period from 28 April 2022
to 31 December 2022. The Company has prepared unaudited pro-forma
accounts, showing the combination that forms the current business of
Borouge PLC as if it had been in operation for the twelve months ended
2022 and the twelve months ended 2021. These are the full year numbers
being referenced across the strategic and governance sections of this
annual report.
Borouge Annual Report 2022 151

=== [AR2022.pdf p154] ===
UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
2022 2021
For the For the
12 months ended 12 months ended
31 December 31 December
USD millions USD millions USD millions
Revenue 6,727 6,216
Cost of sales (3,792) (3,233)
Gross profit 2,935 2,983
Other income 35 27
General and administrative expenses (176) (147)
Selling and distribution expenses (703) (483)
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment (16) (2)
Pension cost recharge – (170)
Operating profit 2,075 2,208
Finance income 21 2
Foreign exchange loss (4) (2)
Finance cost (119) (6)
Net finance loss (102) (6)
Profit for the period before tax 1,973 2,202
Income tax expense (564) (674)
Profit for the period 1,409 1,528
Profit for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company 1,393 1,518
Non-controlling interests 16 10
1,409 1,528
Other comprehensive income for the period
Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
Defined benefit plan remeasurements 19 2
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation (9) 2
Total other comprehensive income for the period 10 4
Total comprehensive income for the period 1,419 1,532
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company 1,404 1,521
Non-controlling interests 15 11
1,419 1,532
Earnings per share:
Basic and diluted (USD) 0.05 0.05
Jan-Martin Nufer
Chief Financial Officer
152 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p155] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF OPERATING PROFIT
FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
2022 2021
For the For the
12 months ended 12 months ended
31 December 31 December
USD millions 2022 2021
Revenue 6,727 6,216
Cost of sales
(excluding depreciation and amortisation) (3,237) (2,719)
Feedstock costs (1,266) (1,170)
Other variable and fixed production costs (1,971) (1,549)
as % of revenue 48% 44%
Selling and distribution expenses (703) (483)
as % of revenue 10% 8%
General and administrative expenses (176) (147)
as % of revenue 3% 2%
Other income and expenses 19 (145)
as % of revenue 0% 2%
Depreciation and amortisation (555) (514)
Operating profit 2,075 2,208
as % of revenue 31% 36%
Total operating cost /tonne of production 972 906
Borouge Annual Report 2022 153

=== [AR2022.pdf p156] ===
UNAUDITED EARNINGS PER SHARE
2022 2021
For the For the
12 months ended 12 months ended
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Earnings per share (EPS) in USD 0.05 0.05
Diluted earnings per share in USD 0.05 0.05
UNAUDITED ADJUSTED EBITDA
2022 2021
For the For the
12 months ended 12 months ended
USD millions 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Profit for the period 1,409 1,528
Income tax expense 564 674
Net finance loss, including foreign exchange loss 102 7
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 530 486
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 4 5
Amortisation of intangible assets 21 23
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment 16 2
Adjusted EBITDA(1) 2,646 2,725
Capital expenditure(2) 189 254
Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow(3) 2,457 2,469
Cash conversion (%) 93% 91%
(1) Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA plus adjustments on foreign exchange gain or loss and impairment loss on property, plant and equipment.
(2) Capital expenditure is calculated as additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for the period.
(3) Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditure.
154 Borouge Annual Report 2022

=== [AR2022.pdf p157] ===


=== [AR2022.pdf p158] ===
BOROUGE
PLC
ANNUAL
REPORT
2022
borouge.com
linkedin.com/company/borouge
twitter.com/borouge
youtube.com/@BorougeAE
instagram.com/borouge
Borouge