
=== [AR2025.pdf p1] ===
Performance
through
Differentiation
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025

=== [AR2025.pdf p2] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Consistent
value creation
through technology
leadership
Our Vision
The recognised leader in creative
In 2025, Borouge delivered an exceptional operational and financial performance,
polyolefin solutions that have a
positive impact on society today underscoring the strength of our differentiated portfolio and the resilience of
and tomorrow. our business model.
We accelerated value creation by empowering our people, leveraging Artificial Intelligence
Our Mission (AI) and digital technologies and driving product innovation. Through premium,
differentiated polyolefin solutions that command a quality price premium, we enabled
Value creation through people,
critical applications across a wide range of industries.
and innovation.
Our products continued to help address global challenges – from climate resilience, food
preservation and water security to the energy transformation, healthcare support and
Our Values
responsible waste management – reflecting our commitment to delivering value for our
At Borouge, we are one family working shareholders and all our stakeholders.
together to make Borouge a better place
for us and generations to come, by living
and breathing our five values: progressive,
collaborative, responsible, respectful
and efficient.
2

=== [AR2025.pdf p3] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Contents
01 03
Strategic Report 4 Financial Statements 85
At a Glance 5 Board of Directors’ Report 86
Highlights 9 Independent Auditor’s Report 87
Market Overview 11 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 90
Investment Case 16 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and other Comprehensive Income 91
Our Business Model 18
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 92
Our Strategy 20
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 93
Chief Financial Officer’s Review 36
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 94
Key metrics 38
Business Review 41
04
Operations 41
Sales and Marketing 47
Technology and Innovation 49 Appendices 134
Sustainability Review 52
Appendices 135
Our People 57
Risk Management 60
05
02
Glossary 144
Glossary 145
Governance Report 65
Board of Directors 66
Financial
Executive management 74
Industry‑leading profitability, strong cash generation
External auditors 75 and a resilient balance sheet enable superior,
Executive Committee 76 through‑the‑cycle shareholder returns.
See more on page: 36
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 77
Audit Committee 78 Commercial
Differentiated technology, continuous innovation
General information 79
and a global sales and distribution network support
Ethics & Compliance Programme 82
sustainable premium pricing across our polyolefins
portfolio.
See more on page: 47
Operational
High utilisation rates, strong production performance
and an unwavering commitment to best‑in‑class
HSE standards underpin our operational excellence.
Visit us at Borouge.com See more on page: 41

=== [AR2025.pdf p4] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Strategic
Report

=== [AR2025.pdf p5] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 5
At a Glance
A global leader Who we are By the numbers
Borouge is a leading pure‑play polyolefins
in differentiated
company, providing premium polyethylene (PE) 3,000 50+ 90+
polyolefin solutions, and polypropylene (PP) solutions to high‑growth
industries worldwide. Established in 1998, employees worldwide nationalities countries
served through
delivering sustainable as a strategic partnership between ADNOC an integrated
supply chain
and Borealis, we have expanded our nameplate
value through scale,
capacity more than 11‑fold to 5Mtpa, creating
one of the world’s largest integrated, single‑site
innovation and
polyolefin complexes in Al Ruwais Industrial Legal structure**
City, UAE.
operational excellence.
Abu Dhabi Borealis
National Oil Company Middle East Holding
Free Float
(ADNOC) GmbH (BMEH)
With a workforce of c. 3,000 people and a global network of
14 offices and 13 logistics hubs, Borouge serves customers in over 54.4 % 9.4 % * 36.3 % 15.25 %
90 countries and territories through an integrated global supply chain.
Leveraging Borealis’s proprietary Borstar® technology platform, advanced
AI capabilities and deep R&D expertise, we deliver differentiated, high
performance solutions tailored to evolving global needs. Borouge PLC
(ADGM entity)
Our strategic growth projects continued to progress throughout the year.
Commissioning of the first Borouge 4 facility, XLPE 2, began at the end of
2025. As the remaining Borouge 4 units ramp up over the course of 2026,
we are set to further expand our production capacity and enhance our ability
to reliably serve customers across global markets. Abu Dhabi Polymers
Co. Ltd. (Borouge) 100 % 84.75 % Borouge Pte. Ltd.
(PTE)
Sole Proprietorship
LLC (ADP)
* As of 31 December 2025.
** The legal structure reflects the Company’s share buyback , under which approximately 212
million shares were repurchased from the free float during 2025. These shares are held as
Borouge PLC is publicly listed on
treasury shares on the balance sheet. The share buyback was approved at the Company’s
the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX). AGM on 7 April 2025.

=== [AR2025.pdf p6] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 6
At a Glance Innovation & technology
Our operating
Borouge is a leading provider of innovative and differentiated polyolefin solutions,
entities supported by world-class innovation and technology capabilities.
Borealis’s proprietary Borstar® technology, advanced AI‑enabled
development tools and strong R&D ecosystem, underpinned by over 1,400
Through our integrated operational structure,
active patents, enable us to deliver premium, high‑performance solutions
we maintain world-class facilities and capabilities
across our key business segments: across infrastructure, energy, mobility, healthcare and packaging applications.
These capabilities ensure consistent quality, superior performance and
improved circularity to meet evolving global customer needs.
Our target is to sustain
Production Sales & Marketing Industry‑leading solutions
80% of sales from through‑the‑cycle premium
across consumer, infrastructure
Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Borouge PTE differentiated products pricing of USD 200/tonne for
and specialty applications
PE and USD 140/tonne for PP
World‑class facilities in Direct sales
Al Ruwais channels reaching
Sales volume split (2025, Total = 5.4Mt)
Industrial City global markets
By product By geography By end market
Utilisation rates exceeded
14 offices
design capacity despite the
13 logistics hubs worldwide
planned B3 turnaround 57 59 59
Strategic market % % %
High asset reliability presence in
maintained at 98% high-growth regions Polyethylene APAC Consumer solutions
43 32 38
% % %
Production volume Sales volume
Polypropylene MEA Infrastructure solutions
5.1 5.4
Mt Mt
9 3
% %
Record sales
RoW Other

=== [AR2025.pdf p7] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 7
At a Glance
Extensive
global footprint
Finland
Sweden
Our global sales and marketing
organisation, leverages our Middle
Eastern production base and Singapore
Austria
platform to strategically access and serve
key global demand centres.
Beijing
Seoul Tokyo
Cairo
New Delhi
Shanghai
Ruwais
Guangzhou
Offices Logistics hubs Abu Dhabi
worldwide strategically located
Mumbai
Bangkok
14 13 Ho Chin Minh City
Singapore
Our International presence
Nairobi
Jakarta
Head Office: ADP Company
Head Office: PTE
Petrochemical Complex
Compounding Plant
Borouge Innovation Centre
Sales, Marketing & Representative Offices
Borealis Innovation Centre
Application Centre

=== [AR2025.pdf p8] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 8
At a Glance
End markets
we serve
Infrastructure
With decades of expertise, Borouge delivers
advanced polyolefin solutions that enable reliable,
durable, and sustainable infrastructure for
Mobility
communities worldwide. Our materials support
Energy solutions Our mobility solutions support the transition to
critical applications in water and gas distribution,
From buildings to subsea networks, Borouge’s electric vehicles by enabling lighter, safer, and more
plumbing and heating, industry, and energy.
specialised materials ensure the safety, reliability efficient designs. Borouge’s and Borealis’ advanced
Reliable and long‑lasting pipe systems help
and longevity of cable systems. High‑performance polypropylene compounds are used across key
reduce water losses, lower energy consumption,
jackets and insulation solutions protect critical exterior, interior, and under the bonnet components,
and minimise maintenance requirements,
energy infrastructure from mechanical and including bumpers, body panels, dashboards, and
providing more sustainable and cost‑effective
environmental stresses. air intake systems.
solutions over the full infrastructure lifecycle.
Advanced packaging Agriculture Healthcare
Borouge’s packaging portfolio delivers Through Borstar® technology and close Our Bormed™ range of medical‑grade polyolefins
consistency, performance and material collaboration with universities, R&D partners, is engineered for demanding healthcare
advantages that keep produce fresh while government agencies and producers, Borouge applications, delivering consistent quality,
supporting circularity. Leveraging proprietary develops innovative agricultural film solutions regulatory reliability and high performance across
technologies, we develop differentiated solutions that enhance crop productivity and strengthen both rigid and flexible products. These solutions
for both flexible and rigid applications, advancing food security. support patient safety and advanced medical
sustainability across the value chain. manufacturing.

=== [AR2025.pdf p9] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 9
Highlights
Financial Operational ESG
Exceptional
Adj. EBITDA margin Net profit margin Asset utilisation TRIR
2025 performance
*
37 19 102 0.07
% % %
for PE
Borouge delivered strong operational and financial
performance in 2025, achieving record sales
Premia Premia Asset utilisation Emissions
volumes of 5.4 million tonnes, reflecting strong
global demand for our differentiated product
224 134 100 43.6
portfolio. This was supported by production of
$ $ % KtCO e
5.1 million tonnes, above nameplate capacity 2
/tonne for PE /tonne for PP for PP abatement coming from
despite the planned Borouge 3 turnaround in Q2.
new projects in 2025
Exceptional sales performance, disciplined cost management Net debt to EBITDA Cash conversion Asset reliability Energy intensity
and premium pricing supported industry‑leading margins and strong
cash generation, underpinning our full‑year dividend intention of
16.2 fils per share (c. USD 1.3 billion). 1.2 86 98 17
X % %
Borouge delivered industry‑leading margins in 2025 despite a soft as at 31 December 2025 Adj. operating free cash GJ/tonne**
pricing environment, achieving an EBITDA margin of 37%, a net
flow conversion from
profit margin of 19%, and cash conversion of 86%, reflecting strong
adj. EBITDA
operational discipline and efficiency. Dividend (FY 2025) Sales volume Environmental expenditure
Strategic growth projects advanced during the year, with the Borouge
***
4 megaproject reaching 94% completion by year‑end 2025. Progress 16.2 5.4 60.8
was also made on debottlenecking projects in Ruwais, supporting future Mt m
capacity enhancements.
fils per share
Production volume
Our commitment to safety remained unwavering, with a Total
Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)* of 0.07, in line with last year. Our
sustainability performance also strengthened, reflected in a 27%
5.1
reduction in Scope 1 emissions and a 36% reduction in Scope 2
Mt
emissions, compared to a 2018 baseline, both ahead of target. These
results demonstrate our continued commitment to producing more with
less and reducing our environmental impact.
* TRIR: The number of injuries (Fatalities + Permanent Total Disabilities + Permanent Partial Disabilities + Lost Workday Cases + Restricted Work Cases + Medical Treatment Cases)
per 1,000,000 hours worked. TRIR does not include First Aid Cases.
** The energy intensity is described in GJ/tonne. It represents the overall energy consumption within the facility in relation to the total volume produce of High Value Chemicals (HVCs)
that includes polyolefins, olefins, hydrogen and aromatics.
*** Borouge’s full‑year 2025 dividend intention is 16.2 fils per share, equating to approximately USD 1.3 billion.

=== [AR2025.pdf p10] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 10
Highlights Exceptional financial performance Operational excellence De-risked growth
Most profitable polyolefins company
Exceptional reliability and utilisation rates Strategic expansion projects on track
Year in review
37 5.1 1.4
% Mt + Mt
EBITDA margin Production volume New production capacity from Borouge 4
Borouge delivered another year of strong financial results, Borouge delivered an outstanding operational performance in The Borouge 4 expansion project surpassed 94%
reinforcing its position as the most profitable polyolefins 2025, with asset reliability of 98% and utilisation rates of 102% completion in 2025, marking a major milestone in our
producer globally. Revenue reached USD 5.8 billion, for PE and 100% for PP. Despite executing our largest‑ever growth journey. Commissioning of the XLPE 2 unit
supported by record sales volumes of 5.4Mt and a quality turnaround at the Borouge 3 plant in Q2, we achieved commenced in December 2025, with the additional units
price premium for high‑value products. We sustained an production above nameplate capacity of 5.1Mt. The turnaround scheduled for commissioning through 2026. The Borouge
industry‑leading EBITDA margin of 37% and a net profit was completed ahead of schedule and on budget, minimising 4 Asset Usage Agreement was signed in March 2026 and
margin of 19%, both significantly above the global downtime and demonstrating our commitment to operational is expected to deliver USD 400 million cumulative net profit
peer average. excellence and world‑class safety. over three years and approximately 10% earnings accretion,
after full ramp up of the Borouge 4 project.
Leveraging AI & digital technologies
Growing innovation pipeline Transformational growth
Driving performance and long-term
Serving high growth segments competitiveness Formation of Borouge Group International
Record Fourth‑largest polyolefins producer
by nameplate capacity
94 717
$ m $ m
13.6
Mtpa
in innovation value generated in 2025 of value delivered in 2025 through the AIDT programme,
significantly exceeding the USD 575 million target
Innovation remains central to our strategy and a key driver AI and digital technologies (AIDT) are central to how we run In March 2025, ADNOC and OMV announced the
of our quality price premium. In 2025, we launched 10 Borouge. Our AIDT programme was a major contributor to formation of Borouge Group International, combining
new grades, including the UAE’s first LDPE for healthcare our 2025 outperformance, driving margin gains, improving Borouge with Borealis and including the acquisition of
applications, supporting our ambition to build a 100 ktpa efficiency and reducing costs across the value chain. We NOVA Chemicals. The transactions completed in March
healthcare business. We also advanced our circular and continued to build on this momentum in 2025, completing a 2026. This transformational growth creates
sustainable packaging portfolio through new mono‑material proof‑of‑concept with Honeywell for AI‑powered autonomous the fourth largest polyolefins producer globally by
solutions and additions to our recycled Recleo™ grades. operations at Ruwais. This milestone positions Borouge nameplate capacity, with an expanded geographic
These developments, amongst others, contributed to a record to deliver the petrochemical industry’s first fully AI‑driven footprint, broader product offering and enhanced customer
USD 94 million of innovation value in 2025, underpinned by autonomous control room, further strengthening our long‑term reach. The new Group is expected to unlock significant
a strong innovation pipleline supported by more than 1,400 competitiveness. 2025 also marked the third year of our Value value through scale, integration and technology leadership,
active patents. Enhancement Programme, which delivered significant value with annual EBITDA synergies in excess of USD 500
through operational optimisation, higher production and lower million targeted.
conversion costs.

=== [AR2025.pdf p11] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 11
Market Overview
Empowering Global megatrends
the new economy
Rapidly evolving infrastructure and energy
needs driven by the accelerating AI economy,
increasing electric-vehicle uptake and the global New economy Growth in population Energy security
energy transition are reshaping demand for and emerging economies and sustainability
advanced materials and specialised solutions.
Rapid data and power infrastructure needs rom Rapid urbanisation across Asia and Africa drives Increasing need for self‑sufficiency on the back of
As high‑growth markets continue the AI economy which will lead to a new era of infrastructure demand while expanding middle‑ energy transition trends drive the need for optimal
to urbanise and incomes rise, the productivity growth. class populations, creating new sustainable energy solutions. Infrastructure for renewable and
world is experiencing heightened solutions opportunities including the energy conventional power continue to drive growth for
pressure on essential systems, from needs of electric vehicles in urban areas where specialised polyolefin‑based materials.
energy and water to food security our lightweight solutions support automotive
and industrial productivity. These electrification and reduced carbon footprints.
structural shifts are amplifying the
need for more efficient healthcare,
agricultural and manufacturing
capabilities, while reinforcing the
critical importance of the circular
economy in achieving sustainable
long‑term growth. Against this
backdrop of intensifying global
Food and water Healthcare Circular economy
challenges and opportunity,
Borouge is well positioned to
Advanced packaging technologies extend food Healthcare infrastructure expansion in Our recyclable polyolefin solutions transform
address and capitalise on these
shelf life in developing regions, while sustainable emerging markets requires higher volumes of material lifecycles while integrated recycled
megatrends in 2026 and beyond
agriculture solutions enhance resource efficiency advanced materials while rising hygiene and content maintains performance standards across
through its scale, innovation platform
and crop yields. Durable pipe systems address purity standards drive demand for specialised our product portfolio.
and differentiated portfolio.
critical water infrastructure needs, while medical solutions.
innovative polymer technologies enable robust
sanitation solutions in developing regions.
Solutions for industrial and agricultural sectors
are also needed to keep up with population and
rapid growth in the new economy.

=== [AR2025.pdf p12] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 12
Market Overview
Serving high-growth Global megatrends
markets
Near-term drivers Ongoing stimulus Geopolitical
policies volatility remains
2025 saw a paradigm shift in
Global polyolefins demand and growth 2026‑2030 trade policies, particularly from
China is the world’s largest Geopolitical developments and
the United States. This shift has
polyolefin market, with economic logistics challenges in the Middle
created opportunities for Borouge
conditions closely linked with its East region remain an ongoing
Asia to enter new markets while also
regional businesses. In 2025, challenge for our industry. Borouge
managing those which could face
62% greater competition. China continued to roll out stimulus has activated contingency plans
measures and expansionary and is working to deliver for
monetary policies to boost consumer its customers.
MEA Continuous growth
confidence and spending which
resulted in a record‑high trade
9% in emerging
surplus of USD 1 trillion despite the
markets period of uncertainty.
RoW
Asian and MEA markets – including
30% our home market in the UAE –
have demonstrated solid growth
overall despite periodic fluctuations
resulting from tariff uncertainties.
India, although affected by increased
tariffs, has exhibited resilience in its
Borouge markets 2026-2030 CAGR % domestic demand.
share of global Borouge markets
Combined with a rising middle‑
demand growth
class population this represents
2026-2030 3.9 an exciting growth opportunity
% for Borouge. Closer to home, the
UAE and Middle East saw strong
71 economic growth, inward investment
%
Rest of the World and diversification – all factors that
will sustain polyolefin consumption.
Strategically positioned
to capture growth
1.7
in high-value market %
segments

=== [AR2025.pdf p13] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 13
Market Overview
Organic growth
and substitution
Organic growth Material substitution
Infrastructure expansion and urbanisation are boosting demand in emerging markets, particularly in Asia and the Advanced polyolefins are replacing traditional materials due to superior performance and sustainability.
Middle East. Economic recovery continues to stimulate consumer confidence and industrial output while smart cities Environmental regulations and corporate commitments are accelerating this shift, especially in
and transportation networks are developing rapidly, driving the ongoing need for polyolefin solutions. A growing automotive, construction, and packaging. Advancements in Borstar® technology support the creation
middle class is also amplifying consumption, creating multiple growth opportunities in construction, packaging, of high‑performance materials that meet industry standards and reduce environmental impact.
industrial, agricultural and consumer goods.

=== [AR2025.pdf p14] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 14
Market Overview
Supported by an Industry outlook Value chain
integration
Through economic cycles and
improving outlook for
periods of global uncertainty,
More producers are focused on
Borouge has delivered growth and
value chain integration to identify
polyolefins created value for our customers. A
enhanced efficiency in the supply
culture of research and development
chain and downstream products,
and ongoing investment in
and improved cost position in
expanding our global footprint
feedstock. This strategic approach
leave Borouge well placed to meet
provides cost advantages and
the needs of high‑growth markets
operational stability, while attracting
while delivering sustained growth
premium segments through
and shareholder value in 2025
improved customer alignment and
and beyond.
tailored solutions.
Assets under Geographic
strategic review diversification
Some producers in Europe and Producers with the ability
Asia Pacific have been conducting and flexibility to diversify their
strategic reviews of their assets, geographic exposure are more
and there are early signs of industry able to address the short‑term
consolidation. We anticipate challenges faced. Expanding
further capacity rationalisation to capabilities across various
come, creating a more sustainable regions facilitates better market
supply and demand balance access and risk management.
going forwards. This strategy also helps to
mitigate regional market volatility
and provides access to new
growth opportunities.

=== [AR2025.pdf p15] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 15
Market Overview
Success story
Expanding our Strengthening Accelerating Enabling sustainable
high-margin our leadership circularity through mobility through
healthcare portfolio in high-performance mono material advanced materials
through local pipe solutions innovation Borouge expanded its presence
innovation Borouge expanded its In collaboration with Siegwerk in Automotive by deepening its
In 2025, Borouge advanced Infrastructure portfolio with and TPN, Borouge launched a partnership with ROX Motor to
its Healthcare portfolio a next generation BorSafe™ fully recyclable mono material supply lightweight polyolefin
with the launch of the first PE100 RC pipe grade, polyethylene laminate for materials for 17 interior
Made‑in‑UAE low‑density engineered for superior food grade stand up pouches. and exterior components
polyethylene (LDPE) grade for durability and long term The solution provides high of the new ADAMAS SUV.
pharmaceutical packaging. The performance in critical water oxygen barrier performance
new Bormed™ LE6607‑PH, and gas networks. for dry foods while enabling The collaboration supports
produced in Ruwais, enables full recyclability and high the UAE’s growing automotive
regional manufacturing of IV In parallel, Borouge’s broader quality recycled polyethylene manufacturing ambitions and
bottles, ampoules and other PE100‑RC+ materials were production. Produced by TPN includes a joint innovation
sterile medical packaging. This recognised as ‘New Product in Thailand, this is the first laboratory in Shanghai focused
strengthens healthcare supply of the Year’ at the Asian Oil co development under the on advanced polyolefin
chains across the Middle & Gas Awards, reflecting the Siegwerk–Borouge partnership solutions and next‑generation
East, Asia and Africa while breakthrough performance and strengthens Borouge’s lightweight design.
supporting the Make it in the and strategic relevance of the advanced packaging offering.
Emirates initiative. Company’s advanced piping
solutions and reinforcing its
position as a leader in resilient
infrastructure technologies.

=== [AR2025.pdf p16] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 16
Investment Case
Borouge is a trusted global leader in premium
polyolefin solutions, uniquely positioned
to deliver sustainable value through scale, World-class production platform Superior technology
technology leadership and an advantaged
and quality price premium
cost position. Borouge operates one of the world’s largest integrated single‑site
polyolefin complexes in Al Ruwais Industrial City, with 5Mtpa of
Through our partnership with Borealis, Borouge leverages proprietary
nameplate capacity and a young, efficient asset base with 90%
Borstar® technology to deliver differentiated, high‑performance
Our differentiated proposition is built on of assets are under 14 years old.
polyolefin solutions that command consistent pricing premia above
six pillars:
commodity benchmarks. Our direct‑to‑market model in APAC,
The transformational Borouge 4 project will add 1.4Mtpa upon
MEA and Africa ensures strong customer intimacy and efficient
recontribution and is expected to generate USD 900 million of
market reach.
EBITDA through the cycle.
11x growth since 2001
10
5 new grades launched in 2025
Mtpa
capacity
Utilisation rates in 2025 27%
PE
102%
PE
16%
PP
100%
PP quality price premium in 2025
First‑quartile cost position 90%
underpinned by
sales via direct channels
ADNOC
feedstock
9
agreement to 2057
international logistics hubs

=== [AR2025.pdf p17] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 17
Investment Case
Financial Sector-leading Access to high-growth Sustainability
resilience shareholder returns markets and serving leadership
megatrends
Borouge consistently delivers Borouge is one of the ADX’s largest Sustainability is embedded in Borouge’s
industry‑leading margins and cash dividend payers, with USD 4.2 billion strategy and operational model. We
Borouge is strategically positioned to
conversion, supported by disciplined distributed since IPO. For full‑year 2025, provide safe, durable and lightweight
capture demand in high‑growth markets
capital allocation and a robust balance we intend to pay 16.2 fils per share, with materials that enhance food preservation,
that are expected to drive a significant
sheet. Since IPO, we have sustained an an intention to maintain this annual level healthcare delivery, clean water access
share of global polyolefin consumption
average EBITDA margin of approximately through 2030. Borouge also commenced and energy efficiency. We are committed
through 2030. Our solutions support major
40%, more than 3× the global peer a share buy back in April 2025 and had to long‑term ESG leadership through
global megatrends including population
average, demonstrating resilience repurchased approximately 212 million transparent reporting, operational
growth, healthcare, food security, water
through market cycles. shares by 31 December 2025. efficiency and circular innovation.
infrastructure, the circular economy and
the energy transition. These long‑term
structural themes underpin sustained
Adj. EBITDA margin (2025)
demand for premium applications across Net Zero
energy, infrastructure, healthcare and
37% Dividends paid since IPO Operations by 2045
advanced packaging.
$4.24Bn
Net profit margin (2025) Strong safety performance
Total sales in 2025
19% Zero
TSR delivered since IPO
38%
Tier 1/Tier 2 incidents
+25% high‑value Energy &
Cash conversion (2025) and TRIR* of 0.07
Infrastructure solutions
86%
* TRIR: The number of injuries
per 1,000,000 hours worked.
+90%
of sales volumes to Asia
Pacific, the Middle East
and Africa

=== [AR2025.pdf p18] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 18
Our Business Model
Borouge’s business model is built on a foundation of innovation, operational excellence, and strategic
Sustainable value creation
partnerships. We create value by leveraging our proprietary Borstar® technology and world-class
for our stakeholders production facilities to deliver differentiated polyolefin solutions that address global challenges.
Inputs Unlocking sustainable value and growth
Operational scale Sustainability sits at the heart of our business
5
Y
9
ou
M
0
ng
t
%
p
as
a
se
p
t
o
o
b
f
l
a
c
y
s
a
o
e
p
le
a
fi
c
n
it y
c a
le
p
s
a
s
c ity
u s t a u i n l a
a
r
b
E
ili
c
t
o
y
n
a o n m d y
S
F
o
e
u
e
r
d
c
s
in
to
g c k
than 14 years old S c
r
Ci
Borstar® technology
Powering h
a t ‘ C
Innovation p
o
A ’ m
n
p P
E o m
p r
Differentiated products c i l d n a t i o o d
80% aU e d u
c. of total sales t i o s e r c y t i i t c
nr ’ o
s e p n
Long‑term feedstock agreement u
a
la t
In place with V h
‘
ADNOC
until 2057
25 years of operational experience M
a
supporting exceptional shareholder r
Returns
D is
tr
k
ib
e
u
ti
t
n
io g and In n o v
ati
o n
n
Trusted brand
To our customers, employees,
suppliers and partners

=== [AR2025.pdf p19] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 19
Our Business Model
How we make a difference For all our stakeholders Value creation process
Expertise Our shareholders Inputs
100+ 37% 4.24 • Proprietary Borstar® technology
$ Bn
• World‑class production facilities
scientists, researchers and technicians adjusted dividends paid
• Strategic partnerships with ADNOC and Borealis
to drive innovation EBITDA margin since IPO
• Skilled workforce of 3,000 employees
Research & development Our people
Activities
25 68,143
• Research and development of innovative polyolefin solutions
polymer research labs for analysis, total training hours in 2025 • Efficient production of high‑quality PE and PP applications
processing and application testing. • Strategic expansion of production capacity
Our customers
• Global marketing and distribution
New product innovation
25 10 • Continuous focus on operational excellence and sustainability
$ M
+20%
Total R&D spend new products
Outputs
of Borouge’s annual sales volume is in 2025 launched in 2025
• Differentiated polyolefin products for infrastructure, energy, mobility,
derived from new product innovations.
healthcare, agriculture, and advanced packaging industries
Our communities and environment
• Industry‑leading EBITDA margins and ROIC
Patents
981
• Sustainable solutions addressing global megatrends
Borouge has filed more than
volunteering hours in 2025
Impact
1,400+
• Consistent value creation for shareholders
patent applications.
• Contribution to economic diversification in the UAE
• Advancement of circular economy solutions
Addressing Global Challenges
• Support for global sustainability goals
Our solutions are safe, durable, lightweight and
are found in applications which address global
challenges such as food security, improved Competitive advantages
healthcare, access to energy, water and sanitation.
• Proprietary Borstar® technology enables the production of differentiated products.
We are also growing our circular solutions and
• Strategic location in Al Ruwais Industrial City, providing cost advantages
innovation for differentiated sustainable solutions.
• Strong market presence in high‑growth regions
• Robust innovation capabilities with 1,400+ active patents
• Industry‑leading operational efficiency and reliability

=== [AR2025.pdf p20] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 20
Our Strategy
Our Strategic Pillars
A strategy built
for performance
Excellence Growth Identity
Borouge’s strategy is designed to
HSE and operational A growing portfolio of Strong and cohesive
reinforce our position as a global
excellence differentiated solutions identity and culture
leader in innovative, high performance
• Maintain industry‑leading safety standards. • Expand the product range for emerging • Foster a culture of innovation, accountability
polyolefin solutions. Built on three
applications and growth markets. and sustainability.
core pillars, our strategy focuses on • Optimise asset utilisation and reliability.
• Develop sustainable solutions addressing • Promote diversity and inclusion across
leveraging our advantaged production • Continuously improve operational efficiency.
global megatrends. the organisation.
platform, expanding our technology
• Strengthen value selling and differentiation
driven and differentiated product Innovation and commercial
to achieve through the cycle premia and Corporate citizenship
portfolio, and delivering sustainable, excellence reinforce market leadership. and ESG commitment
long term value for customers,
• Leverage Borealis proprietary Borstar®
• Advance towards net‑zero emissions target
shareholders and society. technology to deliver differentiated, high Growing circular economy
by 2045.
performance products. solutions
• Support local communities and contribute to
Our approach ensures that every decision across the • Collaborate with Borealis innovation hubs to
• Increase production of recyclable and recycled the UAE’s economic diversification agenda.
organisation supports our ambition to lead in premium create cutting‑edge solutions.
content products.
polyolefins, accelerate growth in high value markets,
• Optimise commercial operations to drive
and contribute to a more sustainable future for the • Collaborate with partners to advance Borouge branding
growth and value creation, leveraging industry
communities we serve. circularity initiatives across the value chain.
best practices and technologies.
• Strengthen brand recognition as a leader in
innovative polyolefin solutions.
Value accretive capacity
AI & Digital Technology (AIDT) expansion projects • Enhance customer engagement through direct
sales channels.
• Leverage AIDT to improve productivity, • Complete the Borouge 4 expansion to
accelerate innovation and enhance processes. increase production capacity by 1.4Mtpa.
• Build strategic partnerships to enhance and • Explore international growth opportunities,
deploy AI solutions. including the planned specialty polyolefins
plant in Fujian Province, China.
• Promote AI awareness and adoption across
the organisation and upskill the workforce. • Complete asset debottlenecking projecst at
Ruwais to further increase production capacity
by 0.2Mtpa.

=== [AR2025.pdf p21] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 21
Excellence
Borouge’s
commitment to
excellence spans
HSE, operations,
innovation,
and commercial
practices.
We continuously strive to enhance operational
efficiency, maintain industry‑leading safety
standards, and leverage cutting-edge
technologies to drive innovation.
Our focus on excellence ensures we deliver
superior products and maintain our competitive
edge in the global polyolefins market.
Asset utilisation
PO production
102% 100% 5.1
PE PP Mt

=== [AR2025.pdf p22] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 22
What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
HSE and operational • Strengthened asset integrity and process safety • Strengthen operational readiness through
performance by improving the reliability of safer and more controlled start‑ups, tighter
excellence safety‑critical equipment, maintaining preventive operational oversight, and wider use of digital tools Total Recordable
maintenance discipline, strengthening alarm and technology. Incident Rate (TRIR)*
management, and closing risk‑assessment actions
HSE excellence underpins Borouge’s 0.07
on time. • Improve employee and contractor performance
commitment to protecting people, the
by strengthening supervision quality, advancing
environment, and operational integrity. It
• Sustained a proactive occupational health learning and welfare governance, and closing
covers asset integrity and process safety, programme through targeted screening, early critical competence gaps. ZERO
learning, contractor management, competence, intervention, and well‑being initiatives, with strong
occupational health, environment, business focus on heat‑stress prevention. • Further elevate HSE maturity by strengthening Process Safety Events
continuity, and culture, driven by strong incident insight, embedding requirements into (T1/ T2)
• Maintained environmental performance by day‑to‑day work, refining leading indicators, and
governance and continuous improvement.
improving waste management controls and strengthening business continuity resilience. Total PO production
strengthening emissions monitoring and control.
Operational excellence at Borouge is driven by maximising asset
utilisation, elevating production efficiency, and deploying advanced
• Enhance operational performance and reduce 5.1Mt
• Executed the Borouge 3 turnaround safely and costs by improving production efficiency,
technologies. Our record production, exceptional asset reliability,
successfully through early readiness planning, minimising losses, optimising product planning, and
and outstanding PP and PE utilisation rates reflect the strength
strong contractor onboarding, disciplined work strengthening value‑chain effectiveness, supported Utilisation rate
of Production Excellence, Asset Management Excellence, and
controls, and visible field leadership. by broader digital enablement, advanced control
Technical Excellence. Together, these capabilities, reinforced by
systems, and scalable automation tools. 102% PE
improved planning, cost‑efficiency gains, and adoption of best
• Accelerated enterprise transformation by improving
demonstrated practices, sustain industry‑leading safety, reliability,
turnaround efficiency, minimising planned • Increase reliability and build long‑term technical
and operational performance. downtime, reducing operational and logistics costs, resilience through predictive, digitally supported 100% PP
enhancing digital training and quality systems, and maintenance, more efficient shutdown execution,
strengthening overall capability through targeted stronger investment governance, wider use of
Overall Asset reliability
improvement initiatives. smart‑factory solutions, and advanced monitoring
and detection capabilities. 98%
• Advanced autonomous‑operations capabilities
through a successful proof of concept, progressing • Develop a future‑ready workforce by deepening
toward a fully AI‑enabled control‑room environment employee engagement, expanding skills, and * TRIR: The number of injuries
and reinforcing leadership in digital innovation. leveraging AI‑driven learning, while operational per 1,000,000 hours worked.
functions focus on maximising output, maintaining
uninterrupted services, improving energy
efficiency, and scaling real‑time digital insights for
better performance.

=== [AR2025.pdf p23] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 23
What we did in 2025 • Implemented real time customer sentiment tracking
through post invoice feedback to strengthen
Innovation and commercial • Launched six polyethylene products, highlighted by
engagement and drive continuous improvement.
the new healthcare grade Bormed™ LH6607 PH,
excellence building on the earlier introduction of Bormed™ • Leveraged GenAI to aggregate and synthesise 10
RG868MO to further expand our healthcare competitive intelligence, macroeconomic trends and
new products launched
We maintain a strong focus on innovation, portfolio. In parallel, we introduced Borsafe™ market insights, while deploying Large Language
HE3490LSH RC, a next generation PE100 RC+ Models to power knowledge based customer
further complemented through collaboration
pipe grade offering superior durability, surface support – enabling rapid access to in house +20%
with Borealis. By leveraging Borealis’ proprietary
quality, and resistance to slow crack growth. technical expertise and tailoring of solutions.
Borstar® technology, we develop differentiated of sales volume from new
and sustainable solutions with superior • Launched four polypropylene grades, including Plans for 2026 and beyond product innovations
BH555MO, a best in class block PP grade
properties, driving continuous innovation to
engineered for exceptional impact strength and • Develop product portfolio and prepare market
support value creation and circular economy. 5.4Mt
stiffness, even at low temperatures, and RD201CF, readiness for upcoming Borouge 4 expansion.
a high performance PP grade designed to deliver record sales volume
We leverage AI and digitalisation to increase the speed‑to‑market of cost efficiency and superior film properties for • Leverage new technologies to improve the speed
new products, pioneer new applications and lock‑in value chain and Cast Polypropylene (CPP), Biaxially Oriented of innovation.
key customers, while implementing dynamic business management to +1,400
Polypropylene (BOPP), and Polyolefin (POF) films.
achieve optimal margin realisation. In this way, we provide premium • Continue to work closely with our partners, including
differentiated solutions across the largest and fastest growing • Strengthened our circular economy solution the Borealis innovation team, to sustain high patent cases
markets, leveraging our direct sales network to build intelligence and offerings with the development of an ultra thin differentiation in product portfolio.
tailor products to capitalise customer demand. 14 micron (14 µm) fully recyclable Machine
• Revise and update the Commercial Academy to
Direction Oriented (MDO) PE film – the thinnest and
equip Borouge workforce with up‑to‑date knowledge
most economical MDO PE blown film on the market
and competencies development.
– developed in collaboration with Reifenhäuser.
• Optimise our internal processes to improve our
• Launched digital tools and platforms to reduce time
agility in addressing customers’ needs; leverage
to market for new products and enhance customer
digital technologies and AI to drive commercial
engagement and experience.
excellence and deliver superior value to
• Launched our new Customer Business Model to our customers.
better understand and segment our customers,
• Deploy advanced digitalisation to streamline
placing customer needs at the centre of our
commercial operations, harnessing data‑driven
strategy, and introduced a new Service Level
tools to deliver actionable customer insights that
Offering concept to better serve customers and
maximise profitability, elevate customer experience,
improve retention.
and empower strategic decision‑making.
• Enhanced our Customer Portal by adding Chinese
language support and real time shipment tracking,
improving order visibility and transparency
for customers.

=== [AR2025.pdf p24] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 24
What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
AI & Digital Technology In 2025, Borouge successfully implemented the AIDT • Focus on unlocking internal and external
Programme through robust governance and full value‑ opportunities to accelerate value generation through
chain integration, delivering USD 717 million in value. AI and digital transformation. Full-scale
Borouge is a leading global enterprise in AI‑driven transformation, Key achievements include:
enablement of our AIDT
leveraging our strong foundational pillars, including: • Implement a robust solution pipeline is in place
• AI-Enabled Autonomous Operations: Advanced to deliver high‑impact, targeted initiatives, while Programme across the
• Robust AIDT Governance: A centralised and empowered Phase I of autonomous control rooms leveraging workforce capabilities will be strengthened through value chain
framework that evaluates the value proposition of expanding agentic AI for real‑time decision‑making, operational the core pillars of Excite, Educate, and Engage,
AIDT’s scope, ensuring alignment with broader strategic safety, and risk mitigation in collaboration with ensuring innovation and digital adoption remain 1,700+
objectives and accelerating implementation. strategic partners. central to our strategy. employees
(i.e. more than 65% of
• Talent Development and Innovation Culture: A comprehensive • 3D Printing & Digital Warehouse: Produced • Leveraging structured change management, we will
our employees) actively
upskilling programme designed to enhance workforce 450+ critical spare parts via 3D printing, drive successful implementation of these solutions
participated in new
capabilities through targeted learning opportunities, supported significantly reducing cost, lead time, and inventory and continue forging strategic partnerships with
by strong collaborations with academic institutions to build carrying costs. global market leaders to further enhance our comprehensive AI upskilling
internal capabilities. position and technological capabilities. programme
• Robotic Sphere Inspection: Deployed robotics
• Strategic Expertise: Deep partnerships with ADNOC and for spherical tank inspections during turnaround,
Borealis, granting access to world‑class AI capabilities and enhancing safety and reducing turnaround time 717
technology leadership. and costs. USD million
in value generated through
• Global Partnerships: Collaborations with leading service • Supply Chain Agentic Hub: Transformed AIDT
providers to leverage emerging technologies and deliver logistics and supply chain operations into fully
best‑in‑class solutions. AI‑enabled processes through a centralised digital
hub for demand planning, price forecasting, and 25+
• End-to-End Transformation: AIDT initiatives driving impact inventory optimisation.
strategic partners
across Borouge’s entire value chain – from the world’s largest
integrated PO complex and supply chain operations to sales and • RealWear Z1 Navigator: Full‑scale deployment of
marketing, innovation and research, HSE, and business support intrinsically safe, voice‑activated wearable devices
150+
functions – accelerating AI‑driven value creation across all assets. for frontline teams in hazardous environments.
implemented solutions
• Modern Digital Infrastructure: Advanced, cutting‑edge IT • Talent Development: Rolled out comprehensive
and digital infrastructure designed to enable and unlock the full upskilling and internally designed bespoke
potential of AI across critical business processes. e‑learning programmes to foster AI awareness,
education, and adoption across the organisation.
• World-Class Talent Pool: Building a future‑ready, resilient
workforce through industry‑leading talent development strategies. • Key accolades: Received the GPCA Supply Chain
Innovation Award and two Industry Eagle Awards –
Gold for S&OP Quintiq and Bronze for our AI‑driven
demand planning solution.

=== [AR2025.pdf p25] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 25
Excellence
Strategy in action
Case study 1 Case study 2 Case study 3 Case study 4 Case study 5
Largest turnaround in AI enabled Advanced polymer 3D warehouse and RealWear smart
Borouge’s History autonomous simulations printing for critical glasses
operations spares
Every six years, Borouge conducts major Our new product development cycle has Currently, there is no provision for real‑time
plant turnarounds to ensure the safety, relied heavily on physical testing of lab or remote assistance when addressing process
In 2025, Borouge, together with Honeywell, The cracker furnace faced a challenge with
reliability, and long term performance of our pilot plant prototypes, making the process safety issues at the plant. The introduction of
completed a proof of concept for AI the side‑wall burner spares when the original
assets. These events require a full shutdown resource‑intensive and time‑consuming. AI‑enabled, voice‑operated RealWear smart
powered autonomous operations at our supplier quoted an unworkable eight‑month
of operations to support comprehensive To overcome this, we are implementing glasses, integrated with standard safety
Ruwais facility. This milestone represents lead time. The team turned to advanced 3D
inspection, cleaning, maintenance, and AI and Machine Learning (ML) to build an helmets, offers a comprehensive solution
an important step in enhancing operational printing, replicating the design, enhancing
upgrades. In 2025, Borouge 3 underwent internal predictive model that eliminates trial‑ to enhance process safety and strengthen
performance and long term competitiveness, the material, and producing the parts
the largest and most complex turnaround in and‑error synthesis and enables accurate real‑time communication with subject‑matter
while also supporting ADNOC’s ambition locally. Manufacturing and installation were
our history. predictions for efficient polymer space experts during critical field interventions.
to become the world’s most AI enabled completed on‑site in three weeks.
exploration for a pilot grade.
energy company. The proof of concept,
Through rigorous planning, the use of This technology enables safe and seamless
conducted in a live production environment, This success highlights the value of a digital
AI enabled scheduling tools, and strong This initiative is accelerating the discovery collaboration with experts – or other key
demonstrated strong potential benefits: warehouse for rapid prototyping, customised
cross functional coordination, the planned of innovative polymers and streamlining stakeholders – while operating in hazardous
efficiency improvements of up to 20%, a part production, and reduced costs and
45‑day Borouge 3 turnaround was development steps. As part of the rollout, environments. In addition to improving
20% reduction in downtime, and operating lead times across multiple instances. The
completed eight days ahead of schedule time‑to‑market for pilot‑grade is reduced response effectiveness, it can also deliver
cost reductions of up to 15%. It also showed initiative delivered a gain of USD 3.8 million.
without compromising safety or quality. by 60 days, unlocking approximately measurable operational efficiencies,
clear advantages for process safety, energy
Optimising turnaround days generated USD 1.5 million. including the reduction of international
efficiency and emissions reduction.
substantial value, enabling an additional travel requirements for multiple specialists.
The initiative builds toward creating the
31 kilotonnes of ethylene and 70 kilotonnes Moreover, minimising the number of
petrochemical industry’s first AI driven
of polyolefins production. personnel physically present at high‑risk
autonomous control room, transforming
sites can significantly reduce the likelihood
operations from reactive monitoring to
of workplace incidents.
proactive, data driven decision making.
By integrating AI, machine learning and
automation, Borouge is laying the foundation
for a next generation operational model that
enhances reliability, optimises performance
and strengthens sustainability across
our facilities.

=== [AR2025.pdf p26] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 26
Growth
Our growth strategy
focuses on expanding
our portfolio of
differentiated
solutions, advancing
circular economy
initiatives, and
pursuing value-
accretive capacity
expansion projects.
By leveraging Borealis’ proprietary
technologies and market insights, we aim
to capture opportunities in high-growth
regions and emerging applications, ensuring
sustainable long-term growth for Borouge.

=== [AR2025.pdf p27] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 27
What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
Growing portfolio of • Continued to target high value market segments,
• Continue to drive product differentiation and value
such as energy and infrastructure solutions, through 10
selling of new products to achieve through the cycle
differentiated solutions strong growth in high value XLPE and Jacketing
pricing premia.
products, reinforcing market leadership and product launches in 2025
customer value.
We drive product differentiation through • Expand XLPE capacity through Borouge 4 to meet
our Borstar® PE, Borstar® PP and Borlink™ • Launched the upgraded BorSafe™ HE3490LSH growing demand for advanced energy and power USD 94 M
cable applications, while advancing new Extra High
technology platforms, delivering innovative RC, a next generation PE100 RC+ pipe grade of value generated
Voltage (EHV) wire and cable product development
solutions aligned with sustainability priorities delivering benchmark durability, surface quality, through innovation
from our Ruwais assets to reinforce our innovation
and major socioeconomic megatrends. Our and slow crack growth resistance. Borouge was
pipeline and strengthen competitive advantage.
the first in Asia to meet the enhanced PE100‑RC+
strategy remains focused on enabling circularity,
20%
standards.
expanding our infrastructure and energy
increase in circular
solutions, and enhancing customer value
• Advanced our sustainable packaging platform
product sales
through digitalisation and innovation. by expanding the use of Anteo™ FK1510 and
FK1516 across our renewed flexible packaging
Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen our differentiated portfolio, achieving step change improvements Highest‑ever
product portfolio, advance our cross linked polyethylene (XLPE) in sealing integrity, consumer safety, and
5.4
production capabilities, and apply value selling to maintain conversion efficiency. Mt
competitive advantage and achieve through the cycle premia.
polyolefins sales volume
• Introduced a fully recyclable mono material
packaging solution in collaboration with Siegwerk
Quality price premium of
and TPN Food Packaging.
224
• Won the Innovation Excellence Award at Make it in USD /t
the Emirates (MIITE) 2025 for pioneering product for PE and
and leading innovation excellence.
134
USD /t
• Secured two honours at the Asian Innovation
for PP over product
Excellence Awards 2025, recognising leadership
benchmarks
in digital transformation and sustainable materials.
Our blockchain‑powered TradeChain platform was
named UAE Technology Innovation of the Year,
and our fully recyclable mono‑material PE pouch
won UAE Business Product Innovation of the Year.
In addition, our new BorSafe™ PE pipe grade,
launched in September, was recognised as New
Product of the Year at the Asian Oil & Gas Awards.

=== [AR2025.pdf p28] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 28
What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
Growing circular • Expanded our network of mechanical recycling • Prepare to commercially launch additional high
partners to more than 25 across Borouge territories. quality, value added PCR/polyolefin compounds for Recycling partnerships
economy solutions • Delivered strong growth in recyclate sales demanding applications to enhance performance, located across
circularity, and customer value.
by accelerating application development that
3
We have developed a comprehensive circular incorporates post consumer recycled (PCR) • Expand polyolefin based mono material solutions
economy strategy and recycling roadmap, polyolefins into virgin materials, including: through Design for Recyclability (DfR) initiatives to Borouge sub‑regions,
and are expanding our network of mechanical • 20% rLDPE inclusion in collation shrink film for support virgin polyolefin growth, while deepening across nine countries,
recycling partners across all regions to grow our soft drink and water bottle packaging in India to collaboration with recycling partners to improve enhancing accessibility
operations, product properties, and recyclate quality
recyclate portfolio under our new Recleo brand. support new PCR content legislation.
– extending circular solutions beyond packaging
• Our first HD PCR/HD virgin compound, into infrastructure and mobility markets. 25+
Working closely with customers and value chain partners, we addressing rising FMCG demand for sustainable
have also developed smart solution concepts that enable 100% blow moulding solutions such as shampoo, • Intensify cooperation with Ningbo circular partners recycling partners
recyclability across a broad range of industries and applications. detergent, and lubricant oil bottles. to establish a waste to recycling ecosystem,
Excelling in circular offerings will help us increase sales of our creating a model setup for achieving Circular
25+
Borstar® virgin polyolefins by delivering synergistic solutions that • Expanded global access to premium sustainable Excellence in China.
incorporate higher levels of recyclates or improve end product automotive compounds through newly • Continue to promote youth education and value chain collaborations
performance through advanced design and material innovation. commercialised PCR based grades combining 40%
advocacy through our Polymers on the Move
PCR with 20% glass fibres, meeting stringent purity,
(POTM) programme.
fogging, and odour requirements while reducing
carbon footprint by approximately 36% versus
virgin material.
• Strengthened leadership in mono material
packaging solutions, developing an award winning
100% recyclable PE pouch with Siegwerk and
TPN Food Packaging featuring advanced barrier
performance and de inking capability; recognised at
the Asian Innovation Excellence Awards 2025.
• Deepened downstream engagement with more than
10 brand owners and retailers, generating over 10
new growth opportunities.
• Introduced Recleo, our new brand for mechanical
recycled solutions, developed with Borealis to offer
a full range of high quality recyclates from rLD,
rHD and rPP to PCR containing compounds with
virgin polyolefins.
• Signed a MoU with Ningbo Dabashou and Ningbo
Hajing in China to establish a waste to recycling
ecosystem using AI based collection systems,
supported by World Bank funding.

=== [AR2025.pdf p29] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 29
What we did in 2025 Ruwais expansion
Value accretive capacity Borouge 4 megaproject • Completed Front‑End Engineering Design
(FEED) for the expansion of the second ethane
• Progressed Borouge 4’s engineering, procurement
expansion projects cracker (EU2)
and construction (EPC) phase to approximately Borouge 4
94% completion, achieving major milestones
• Awarded the EPC contract for the expansion and
• reached 94% completion
The Borouge 4 project aligned with our 2030 including completion of the XLPE 2 plant and
refurbishment of the PE4 and PE5 production units.
as at 31 December 2025
Strategy to increase total polymer nameplate utilities, installation and trial of the world’s largest
capacity from 5.0Mtpa to 6.4Mtpa. single line extruder, and readiness of key utilities • Completed the feasibility study for the expansion of • 180 million project to date
such as the flare and steam systems. the third ethane cracker (EU3) and progressed into (PTD) man hours
Borouge 4 is an integrated, state‑of‑the‑art, capital‑efficient pre‑FEED activities.
• Commenced commissioning of XLPE 2 – the first • 0.07 PTD TRIR*
petrochemical complex that add additional capacity to one of the
world’s largest integrated polyolefin complexes. Borouge 4 unit – at the end of 2025, more than China JV
doubling Borouge’s cross linked polyethylene
• Completed a feasibility study for a proposed Ruwais
capacity to 180 ktpa.
Additional capacity expansion of 200 ktpa of the existing site is greenfield project with Wanhua Chemical, to
planned through the EU2 Cracker, PE4 and PE5 asset revamp produce specialty polyolefins in China. expansion
• Borouge 4 project has achieved over 180 million
projects. The feasibility of capacity expansion in China is another
man‑hours with a TRIR* of 0.07 with over 24,000
expansion project that is currently in progress. • FEED completed for EU2
personnel on site. Plans for 2026 and beyond
expansion; EPC contract for
PE4 and PE5 awarded with
Borouge 4 megaproject
• Commercial readiness of Borouge 4 is progressing
project progressing well
well which is enabled by a finalised customer • Commissioning of the Borouge 4 units is expected
segmentation, a completed Service Level Offering through 2026, delivering additional value to Borouge • Feasibility study completed
catalogue, concrete business plan and finalised and our shareholders, driving revenue growth for EU3 cracker expansion,
logistics contracts. Additionally, an enhanced and delivering additional value to Borouge and progressing to pre FEED
customer database enables increased volume our shareholders.
potential and activation of new customers to drive
Borouge 4 product sales. Ruwais expansion
• Ruwais expansion: EPC work on the PE4/PE5
• A streamlined organisational structure and defined
revamp is advancing toward a 2027 start‑up, with
recruitment timelines are in place to ensure
the pre‑FEED contract for the EU3 cracker expected
the human capabilities required for Borouge 4
to be awarded in 2026.
sales execution.
China JV
• Decision on next steps for a proposed greenfield
project with Wanhua Chemical is a focus during
this year.
* TRIR: The number of injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.

=== [AR2025.pdf p30] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 30
Growth
Strategy in action
Case study
Commissioning the XLPE 2 Plant at Borouge 4
At the end of 2025, we began commissioning XLPE 2, the first facility to come online at
Borouge 4. The unit uses resin feedstock from the Borouge 3 plant to produce high purity
XLPE for the wire and cable market.
With a design capacity of 100,000 tonnes per year, XLPE 2 more than doubles our total XLPE
capacity to 180,000 tonnes per year. This expanded capacity supports growing demand for
high quality insulation materials used in energy and power cable applications.
Borealis’s Borlink™ technology produces XLPE compounds for high voltage and extra high
voltage cables. High quality XLPE reduces energy losses and improves cable reliability,
requiring material that is clean, consistent and evenly applied. To achieve this, we apply
disciplined manufacturing and strict quality control throughout the production process.

=== [AR2025.pdf p31] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 31
Identity
Borouge’s identity
is rooted in a strong
corporate culture that
values innovation,
sustainability, and
diversity.
We are committed to fostering a cohesive
identity that resonates with our employees,
customers, and stakeholders. Our focus on
corporate citizenship, ESG commitments,
and brand enhancement reinforces our
position as a responsible leader in the
polyolefins industry.

=== [AR2025.pdf p32] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 32
Strong and cohesive What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
68,305+
identity and culture • Established Culture Tuesdays, a vibrant, weekly • Continue to drive our accelerated growth ambitions
engagement platform that strengthened connection, hours of training across all
and maintain momentum, ensuring impact through
creativity, and community across the organisation programmes
We foster a unified culture by prioritising ongoing engagement and collaboration.
through high‑participation events led by our
employee engagement, leadership development, Culture Influencers.
and skill-building initiatives. 344+
• Advanced our Culture Renovation Programme,
rolling out the Culture Toolkit to over 50% of HSE training sessions for
Through tailored programmes, mentorship opportunities, and
employees, covering key topics including Fail Fast,
a redesigned onboarding experience, we strive to ensure that 8,530
Recover Safe and Effective, Open Communication,
our employees feel valued and aligned with our core values,
creating a collaborative and inclusive work environment that drives with specialised modules delivered to line managers participants
to enhance leadership capability and embed a
long‑term success.
high‑performance culture.
35
• Supported work‑life balance through dedicated
sessions delivered in partnership with ADNOC sessions under the
Medical and Well‑being and the Family Leadership Ecosystem
Development Foundation, offering practical Programme
tools for managing professional and family
responsibilities. We also hosted #AMRemarkable
Google workshops in Abu Dhabi and Ruwais
to empower women to recognise and celebrate
their achievements.
• Introduced the Himma youth initiative,
spotlighting emerging Borouge talent and
fostering cross‑generational collaboration and
capability building.
• Launched the Toastmaster Programme, providing a
safe and supportive environment for employees to
strengthen presentation and communication skills,
build confidence, and expand networks across
the organisation.
• Developed future leaders through the Elite
Programme, supporting young talent in building
strong communication skills and expanding their
professional networks, as part of their long‑term
growth journey.

=== [AR2025.pdf p33] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 33
Corporate citizenship and What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
22,932
ESG commitment • Achieved significant emissions reductions, with • Develop and implement long‑term sustainability
Scope 1 emissions down 27% against a 2025 target people reached through
goals, including exploring electrification and carbon
of 22%, and Scope 2 emissions reduced by 36% volunteering initiatives,
We are focused on sustainability through our capture technologies.
against the 2025 target of 19%, compared to the reflecting our commitment
net-zero by 2045 targets, gender balance goals, 2018 baseline. • Focus on creating innovative polyolefin solutions to positive community
and environmental initiatives. By advancing that address global challenges such as circular impact.
• Launched the Executive Coaching for Women
the Al Ruwais Environmental Sustainability packaging, water access, and healthcare.
Programme, pairing high‑potential female
Programme and fostering community Steady progress in our
employees with senior executives (VP level and • Expand efforts in promoting circular economy
engagement, we actively address global above) to build resilience, enhance decision‑making practices and continue to develop fully recyclable long-term decarbonisation
journey
challenges while promoting responsible growth and accelerate leadership development. mono‑material solutions.
and social impact. 661
• Delivered community outreach programmes and • Enhance community engagement and CSR KtCO₂e
CSR initiatives, strengthening our contribution to programmes to support local communities.
cumulative reduction by
society and supporting key community partners,
2025 and 44 KtCO2eq
with a total investment of AED 300,460. • Improve ESG performance, aiming for higher
coming from new projects
rankings and broader recognition in global
• Continued progress toward our 2045 net‑zero ESG indices.
target, with projects implemented in 2025 reducing
more than 44 KtCO₂e, reinforcing our long‑term • Refine our transition climate risks analysis by
decarbonisation pathway. incorporating the latest appropriate scientific
references and methodologies (e.g. Life Cycle
Assessments and thorough Scope 3 estimate).

=== [AR2025.pdf p34] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 34
Borouge branding What we did in 2025 Plans for 2026 and beyond
74%
• Enhanced regional market access and building
• Continue the global brand ambassador programme
The Borouge brand reflects our position as stronger relationships with customers and value to empower employees as advocates of Borouge’s sales from direct sales
a leader in differentiated polyolefin solutions chain partners through a robust local presence. values and solutions. network
that impacts fast-growing markets and adds
• Supported efficient product delivery with 13 logistics
• Strengthen digital engagement strategies to
incredible value to developing and emerging
hubs globally, ensuring optimal margin capture 10
improve customer experiences and foster deeper
economies.
and uninterrupted service during crises through
connections with stakeholders.
new products launched
alternative supply chain routes.
Through strategic communication, employee advocacy • Expand the direct sales network to cover additional in 2025
programmes, and a focus on innovation and sustainability, we • Reinforced our identity as a trusted global leader high‑growth regions and emerging markets.
reinforce our identity as a trusted brand in delivering world‑leading in differentiated polyolefin solutions through
solutions globally. strategic communication initiatives and employee • Develop multimedia campaigns showcasing
advocacy programmes. Borouge’s role in addressing global challenges
through innovative polyolefin applications.
• Launched a strategic supply chain transformation,
including a landmark partnership with • Continue investing in sustainability‑focused
Etihad Rail and the opening of a dedicated, branding initiatives to highlight the recyclability
one‑million‑square‑metre freight terminal in Al and environmental benefits of Borouge’s
Ruwais Industrial City. In its first year of operation, product portfolio.
the rail network transported more than 700,000
tonnes of polyolefins, marking a major shift
toward safer, more efficient, and more sustainable
large‑scale distribution.
• Strengthened trade efficiency through a strategic
partnership with Abu Dhabi Customs, leveraging
blockchain‑enabled data sharing and real‑time
system integration to streamline import and
export processes, accelerate customs clearance,
reduce logistics costs, and enhance transparency,
compliance and risk management across Borouge’s
supply chain.

=== [AR2025.pdf p35] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 35
Identity
Strategy in action
Case study 1 Case study 2
Strengthening employee Well-being and healthy heart
health, safety and campaign
environment ownership
Protecting the health and well‑being of our workforce is
a core priority and an essential component of safe and
Building a strong safety culture requires active participation
reliable operations. During the year, we delivered a targeted
from the frontline teams who operate and maintain
well‑being programme focused on the early detection
our assets every day. During the year, our Asset HSE
and prevention of cardiovascular health risks across our
champions led a sustained engagement programme across
workforce, extending the initiative to include contractor
all shifts to reinforce frontline ownership of safety priorities
personnel working across our facilities.
and strengthen awareness of process safety fundamentals.
The initiative was designed around short, interactive shift
The programme combined health screening and
sessions that allowed teams to engage with practical
structured risk identification to support higher risk groups
safety topics in a clear and accessible format. Discussions
and enable timely medical intervention where required.
focused on areas such as process safety fundamentals,
Early intervention pathways and medical follow up were
learning moments and the importance of speaking up when
established to ensure that individuals received appropriate
weak signals are identified. The programme established
care and guidance. At the same time, contractor health
a consistent routine for reporting, discussing and acting
compliance was strengthened through enhanced medical
on process safety observations, ensuring that issues
fitness checks and improved tracking systems. Awareness
were addressed promptly and transparently. Participation
was reinforced through regular well‑being sessions and
was maintained across every shift, with visible leadership
practical guidance designed to help employees and
support and a strong focus on closing follow up actions
contractors better understand and manage cardiovascular
quickly and effectively.
health risks.
Through this structured approach, the programme
Through this proactive approach, we improved early
strengthened frontline engagement and improved the
detection and follow up while strengthening workforce
sharing of early warning signals across our operations.
well‑being support across our operations. The initiative also
It also reinforced a sustained focus on preventing major
enhanced our ability to manage health‑related risks more
process safety events, helping to embed a culture of
effectively, reinforcing our commitment to safeguarding our
accountability, awareness and continuous improvement
people and maintaining a safe working environment.
across our workforce.

=== [AR2025.pdf p36] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 36
Chief Financial Officer’s Review We reported net profit of For full-year 2025, we intend infrastructure and energy solutions
USD 1.1 billion, ahead of market to pay an increased dividend accounting for 38% of total
expectations, and strengthened of 16.2 fils per share polyolefin sales. Our differentiated,
Exceptional financial our innovation pipeline with 10 (c. USD 1.3 billion). Looking value‑added product portfolio
new grade launches, reinforcing ahead, we remain focused enabled us to maintain a strong
our leadership in differentiated on operational excellence, quality price premium, with PE sales
performance
polyolefin solutions. Our ability to disciplined cost management prices averaging USD 1,046 per
capture healthy price premia and and commercial optimisation tonne (27% above benchmarks) and
focus on high-value segments to support resilient cash PP sales prices averaging USD 985
continued to set us apart. flow through the cycle, while per tonne (16% above benchmarks).
positioning the business to This consistent quality price
capture long‑term polyolefins premium reflects the strength of our
demand growth across high-value innovation, customer relationships
market segments. and high‑quality solutions.
Borouge delivered an
A resilient and high- Maintaining our position
quality performance as one of the sector’s
exceptional performance
despite market headwinds most profitable producers
Borouge delivered a highly Borouge delivered strong top‑line
in 2025 across key
resilient financial and operational and operational performance in
performance in 2025, reporting 2025. Revenue of USD 5.8 billion
metrics, underpinned net profit of USD 1.1 billion and declined 3% year‑on‑year due
adjusted EBITDA of USD 2.2 billion. to lower product pricing, but this
This strong result was achieved was offset by strong volumes and
by record sales volumes
despite a softer pricing environment, continued operational efficiency.
reflecting disciplined execution, cost Adjusted EBITDA of USD
of 5.4 million tonnes efficiency and commercial agility. 2.2 billion translated into an
industry‑leading 37% EBITDA
Production reached 5.1 million margin, highlighting our ability to
in a softer pricing
tonnes, above our nameplate protect earnings through premium
capacity despite the B3 turnaround pricing, disciplined cost control
environment. executed in Q2, driven by and operational excellence. Net
exceptional utilisation rates profit of USD 1.1 billion, while 11%
across the year, including record lower year‑on‑year, represented
utilisation achieved in Q4 2025. a 19% net profit margin, placing
Jan-Martin Nufer Despite the challenging global Sales volumes grew to 5.4 million Borouge among the most profitable
tonnes – the highest in our history. polyolefins producers globally
Chief Financial Officer polyolefins backdrop, Borouge
This outstanding operational and significantly outperforming
delivered an industry-leading
reliability, combined with effective peer averages in the sector.
adjusted EBITDA margin of 37%
commercial optimisation and a Capital expenditure rose to
and a net profit margin of 19%.
focus on the highest‑netback USD 308 million, reflecting the
Robust cash generation and
markets, underpinned our robust scheduled B3 turnaround and
disciplined capital allocation
earnings delivery. Demand in our our continued investment in safe
underpin our commitment to
core geographies – Asia Pacific, operations, reliability and long‑term
shareholder returns.
the Middle East and Africa – growth capabilities.
remained healthy, with high‑value

=== [AR2025.pdf p37] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 37
Chief Financial Officer’s Review Total shareholder return for the year reached 16 %, materially outperforming the global
petrochemical peer group. We ended 2025 with net debt of USD 2.7 billion, broadly
Key highlights
unchanged year‑on‑year, including USD 427 million in cash and equivalents. Our USD
Borouge’s business model
500 million revolving credit facility remains undrawn, and we closed the year with a strong
net‑debt‑to‑EBITDA ratio of 1.2x, providing ample financial flexibility.
continues to generate
Adj. EBITDA margin
Accelerating growth through cost discipline, digitalisation
(FY 2025)
and value creation
strong cash flow across Borouge retains a first‑quartile global cost position, supported by scale, efficient operations
and access to competitive feedstock. Our Value Enhancement Programme, launched in
37
late 2022, continued to deliver meaningful improvements across operational excellence,
%
market cycles, underpinned commercial optimisation and cost efficiency. Fixed costs remained disciplined at USD
648 million, broadly flat versus 2023 and 2024.
by our first quartile cost In parallel, our AIDT programme delivered USD 717 million in value during 2025, significantly
Net profit margin
exceeding our USD 575 million target. These initiatives enhance production efficiency,
(FY 2025)
improve customer experience and strengthen long‑term competitiveness.
position and quality price
Borouge 4: A major step forward in our growth journey
19
The Borouge 4 expansion, a cornerstone of our long‑term strategy, advanced to 94% %
premium for our products.
completion by year‑end 2025. The first unit, XLPE 2, entered commissioning in December.
The remaining units will be commissioned progressively throughout 2026. Once fully
operational, Borouge 4 will add 1.4 million tonnes of annual capacity, enhancing our ability to
Robust balance sheet and strong cash flow generation Cash conversion
serve fast‑growing markets and expand our range of differentiated solutions.
(FY 2025)
supporting industry-leading shareholder returns
Borouge’s business model continues to generate strong cash flow across market Driving transformational growth
cycles, underpinned by our long‑term and stable feedstock agreement with ADNOC During 2025, we laid the foundations for a new era of growth, with the proposed formation of 86
through 2057, along with our first‑quartile cost position, industry‑leading Borstar® Borouge Group International, combining Borouge, Borealis and Nova Chemicals. %
technology and sustained focus on high‑growth, high‑value markets. In 2025, we
generated adjusted operating free cash flow of USD 1.9 billion, maintaining a healthy The transactions completed in March 2026, creating a global polyolefins leader with
86% cash conversion rate. enhanced scale, expanded innovation capabilities and unmatched access to major
demand centres. Net Debt to EBITDA
We declared and paid a dividend of 8.1 fils per share (USD 663 million) in September
(FY 2025)
2025 and intend to pay an additional 8.1 fils per share in April 2026, following the
AGM, in line with our 2025 dividend commitment of 16.2 fils per share.
Our priority for 2026 is executing seamlessly on this 1.2
Our 2025 share buyback programme has also been highly successful. We x
transformation while ensuring operational continuity and
repurchased approximately 212 million shares by year‑end, reflecting our confidence
advancing our performance and productivity programmes.
in the company’s valuation and long‑term outlook.

=== [AR2025.pdf p38] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 38
Key metrics
Net profit
$1,099m
Adj. EBITDA
$2,172m
Adj. operating FCF
$1,864m
Revenue $5,848m and margin 19%margin and margin 37%margin and cash conversion 86%cash
(USD m) (USD m and %) (USD m and %) (USD m and %) conversion
2025 5,848 2025 1,099 19% 2025 2,172 37% 2025 1,864 86%
2024 6,026 2024 1,239 21% 2024 2,477 41% 2024 2,309 93%
2023 5,791 2023 1,001 17% 2023 2,171 38% 2023 1,972 91%
2022 6,727 2022 1,409 21% 2022 2,646 39% 2022 2,457 93%
2021 6,216 2021 1,528 25% 2021 2,725 44% 2021 2,469 91%
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Borouge maintains resilient revenue Borouge’s goal is to maintain sustainable Industry‑leading EBITDA margins highlight Strong cash generation enables investment
performance supported by strong and profitability over the medium term. Borouge’s operational excellence and in growth while supporting attractive
sustained demand across core markets. premium product positioning. shareholder returns.
Performance Performance Performance Performance
Revenue of USD 5,848 million in 2025, Net profit reached USD 1,099 million in Maintained an industry‑leading EBITDA Delivered USD 1,864 million in adj. operating
supported by record sales volumes and 2025, exceeding market expectations margin of 37% in 2025, driven by strong free cash flow, supporting Borouge’s dividend,
continued premium pricing for differentiated and supported by exceptional operational operational performance and record and achieved a solid 86% cash conversion.
products. The year‑on‑year decline was performance, record sales volumes and sales volume. The year‑on‑year decline primarily reflects
mainly driven by lower realised pricing in a strong cost discipline. Despite softer higher capital expenditure, primarily related to
softer market environment. market pricing, Borouge delivered an the planned Borouge 3 turnaround successfully
industry‑leading profit margin of 19%. executed in Q2 2025.

=== [AR2025.pdf p39] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 39
Key metrics
Sales volumes 5.4Mt Asset reliability 98%
(mt) (%)
2025 5.4 2025 98%
2024 5.3 2024 99%
2023 5.1 2023 98%
2022 5.1 2022 94%
2021 4.4 2021 97%
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Strong production and sales volumes World‑class asset reliability
demonstrate operational excellence underpins consistent and efficient
and strong market demand. operational performance.
Performance Performance
Achieved record sales volumes of 5.4 mt Delivered asset reliability of 98% while
in 2025, reflecting resilient commercial achieving exceptional utilisation rates of
performance. High‑value segments such 102% for PE and 100% for PP, despite
as energy and infrastructure solutions successfully executing the Borouge 3
accounted for 38% turnaround in Q2 2025 – the largest and
of total sales. most complex in the company’s history.

=== [AR2025.pdf p40] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 40
Key metrics
Average selling prices Safety excellence
0.07
(USD / per tonne) Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)*
Polyethylene Polypropylene
2025 0.07
Average Average Average Average Average Average
Selling Product Benchmark Selling Product Benchmark
2024 0.07
Price Premia Price Price Premia Price
2025 1,046 224 822 2025 985 134 851 2023 0.10
2024 1,095 197 898 2024 1,047 150 897
2022 0.24
2023 1,129 215 914 2023 1,016 125 891
2022 1,318 311 1,007 2022 1,222 208 1,014 2021 0.25
2021 1,421 334 1,087 2021 1,313 147 1,166
*TRIR: The number of injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.
Strategic relevance Strategic relevance
Premium pricing reflects the strength of our differentiated product portfolio and the value we deliver to Safety remains our top priority across
customers across key market segments. all operations.
Performance Performance
Maintained a strong quality price premium in 2025, delivering USD 224 per tonne for PE, above management Maintained industry‑leading safety
guidance of USD 200 per tonne, and USD 134 per tonne for PP, broadly in line with the through‑the‑cycle performance with a TRIR of 0.07,
guidance of USD 140 per tonne. flat year‑on‑year.

=== [AR2025.pdf p41] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 41
Business Review - Operations Exceptional operational performance Operational footprint -
integrated world-class
2025 was a defining year for Borouge. In a period dominated by the largest turnaround programme in
our history, the Company delivered record polyolefin production above nameplate capacity, reaffirming
production network
the exceptional strength of our operating model. Asset utilisation reached 101%, reliability remained at
98%, and several units delivered their highest‑ever annual output.
Al Ruwais (UAE)
In Q4 2025, Borouge achieved a new quarterly production record of 1,464 kilotonnes, supported by Our flagship Ruwais complex remains one of
outstanding utilisation rates of 119% for PE and 114% for PP. These results underscore the resilience the world’s largest fully integrated polyolefin
of our operations and the material impact of the ABAX 2025 transformation programme, which drove platforms, with a nameplate capacity of 5
measurable improvements across all five excellence pillars. million tonnes per year. Benefitting from 90%
of our assets being under 14 years old, the site
consistently delivers industry‑leading utilisation,
energy efficiency, and HSE performance.
Our unwavering commitment
Shanghai (China)
Our Shanghai Compounding and Application
to operational excellence is
Centres play a strategic role in serving APAC
customers with tailored, high‑value solutions.
demonstrated by our ability to In 2025, the sites contributed meaningfully to
production and supported deeper commercial
penetration in automotive, consumer products,
deliver more than five million
and mobility applications.
tonnes of polyolefin production Abu Dhabi Innovation Centre (UAE)
A catalyst for differentiation, the Innovation Centre
in a complex turnaround year, launched 10 new products in 2025 – including
advanced healthcare solutions – and accelerated
Borouge’s transition to data‑driven operations
while maintaining an exceptional
through digitalisation initiatives and process
optimisation programmes.
asset reliability of 98%.
Marketing HQ (Singapore)
Our presence in Singapore continued to
strengthen Borouge’s commercial reach
across fast‑growing global markets. In 2025,
Dr Hasan Karam the Marketing HQ expanded direct customer
Chief Operating Officer coverage and enhanced supply chain efficiency,
enabling superior margin capture and improved
customer service levels.
These achievements highlight our relentless drive to enhance asset capabilities and the world‑class
efficiency and resilience of our operations, enabling us to deliver consistently high output without ever
compromising on HSE or quality.

=== [AR2025.pdf p42] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 42
Prioritising Health, Safety
and the Environment (HSE)
Borouge maintains an uncompromising focus on health, safety, and environmental
performance. The HSE Excellence Journey provides a structured, multi year approach
across Asset Integrity and Process Safety (AIPS), Learning from Incidents, Contractor HSE
Management, HSE Competency Assurance, Environmental Stewardship, and HSE Culture
Transformation.
In 2025, Borouge sustained zero Tier 1 and Tier 2 LOPC Environmental stewardship remained a key priority. Borouge
incidents, demonstrating the strength of its AIPS framework achieved meaningful reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
and 100% compliance with all critical HSECES preventive waste generation, and flaring. The Company recycled 35% of
maintenance requirements, alarm management targets, non hazardous waste, continued the implementation of the Air
Safety Instrumented System (SIS) learnings, and emergency Emission Monitoring System (AEMS) and fugitive emissions
response drills. Leadership visibility remained a central detection technologies, and achieved the OGMP Gold Standard
driver of performance, with 624 site engagement tours, over for methane emissions reduction.
30,000 safety observations, and full closure of all mandatory
incident actions. HSE culture transformation was further reinforced through
behavioural based safety initiatives, visible leadership
The Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)* remained commitments, and employee recognition programmes. More
exceptionally low at 0.07, flat year on year, despite the scale than 75 employees were acknowledged for their contributions
and complexity of operations including the Borouge 4 project, to safety excellence. Our strengthened HSE assurance
which accounted for a significant portion of the total 96.4 million programme ensured timely completion of all audit actions
man hours worked. Borouge also achieved 100% compliance and incident learnings, while a full scale business continuity
with occupational health surveillance and medical examinations exercise demonstrated robust operational preparedness and
for employees and contractors, reinforcing a proactive organisational resilience.
approach to health management.
* TRIR: The number of injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.

=== [AR2025.pdf p43] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 43
Production Volumes
Feedstock for Al Ruwais Complex
5.1
Mt Borouge benefits from long‑term, competitively priced feedstock supplied
exclusively by ADNOC, ensuring secure volumes and strategic alignment.
Current feedstock contracts extend to 2057.
Fully integrated production complex
3,600ktpa capacity Ethane Propylene
ADNOC Gas
~60% from ADNOC Refining
High Density Polyethylene/ ADNOC
Supplier and ~40% from internal
Linear Low Density Polyethylene Gas Processing
Borouge sources
Cracker 1
Volume No minimum off‑take, no contractual cap
Ethane
Cross-linked Polyethylene
Contract Contracts entered in October 1998, with amendments
Cracker 2
start date to reflect the additional volume requirements
Current Feedstock Supply Agreement until 2057,
Low Density Polyethylene Contract includes a re‑pricing mechanism due to take effect in
end date late November 2027 (pricing mechanism due to be
Cracker 3
reviewed again in June 2045)
2,750ktpa capacity
Ethylene
Polypropylene
Olefins
Conversion
Unit
750ktpa capacity
Polypropylene
ADNOC Propylene
Refining 2,230ktpa capacity
Source: Company information

=== [AR2025.pdf p44] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 44
Producton facilities
Ruwais debottlenecking projects
Launched in 2001, our integrated petrochemical complex in Al Borouge 4
Ruwais Industrial City comprises Borouge 1 and five subsequent
In 2025, the Borouge 4 megaproject progressed past 94%
expansions — Borouge 1 Expansion, Borouge 2, Borouge 3,
completion. Commissioning activities for the first Borouge 4 unit,
PP5, and Borouge 4. The site hosts a broad array of modern
XLPE 2, commenced at the end of the year. The remaining units
production units that together form one of the world’s largest
are expected to be commissioned and ramped up progressively
polyolefin complexes. The Ruwais complex delivers 5.0 million
through 2026.
tonnes of polyolefins annually, comprising 2.8 million tonnes
of polyethylene and 2.2 million tonnes of polypropylene. In
In March 2026, Borouge entered into an agreement via its wholly
addition, we operate a Compounding Manufacturing Plant in
owned subsidiary, Abu Dhabi Polymers Ltd, with the owners of
Shanghai with a 90 kt/y capacity for advanced polypropylene
Borouge 4 LLC, which will enable Borouge to operate and market PE4
compounds, enabling us to tailor automotive solutions to evolving
the volumes of Borouge 4 in return for an at‑cost utilisation fee. +100ktpa Total PE
global requirements.
The Asset Usage Agreement is expected to deliver USD 400
Revamp
million cumulative net profit over three years, after full ramp up of
Borouge 1
the Borouge 4 project.
=
Borouge 1, the foundation of our operations, continues to
deliver a robust performance. In 2025, the site maintained high Ruwais debottlenecking projects PE5 +200ktpa
production volumes and efficiency, contributing significantly to
In 2025, Borouge initiated a series of asset expansion projects +100ktpa
our overall capacity. The facility’s focus on safety and process
at the Ruwais site aimed at increasing the nameplate capacity EU2
optimisation ensured consistent output and reliability.
of its second ethane cracker (EU2) and the fourth and fifth Stem Cracker
polyethylene units (PE4 and PE5). Once completed, these
Ethane
Borouge 2
enhancements are expected to increase overall polyolefin
Borouge 2, with its expanded capacity, played a crucial production capacity by approximately 200 ktpa.
+320ktpa
role in meeting the increasing demand for polyolefins. The
site’s advanced technologies and operational excellence By the end of 2025, Front‑End Engineering Design (FEED) Excess
drove significant production efficiency and product quality services for the EU2 expansion were completed by Linde Ethylene Propylene
improvements, supporting our strategic growth objectives. Engineering. The Company is now preparing to award an +230ktpa
Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contract for
Borouge 3 the project in 2026. Upon completion, the EU2 revamp will add
an additional 230 ktpa of ethylene production capacity.
Borouge 3 continued to operate at full capacity in 2025. The
site’s state‑of‑the‑art facilities and innovative processes enabled Excess
Progress also continued on the revamp of the PE4 and PE5
us to deliver high value, differentiated products to our global production units. An EPC contract for these upgrades was Ethylene
customers. The facility’s focus on sustainability and energy
awarded to Target Engineering Construction Company in 2025.
efficiency further enhanced its performance. In Q2 2025,
This project will increase the nameplate capacity of each unit
Borouge completed the largest turnaround in its history: the
from 540,000 tpa to 700,000 tpa. Leveraging Borealis Borstar®
turnaround of the Borouge 3 plant. The Borouge 3 turnaround
Polyethylene technology, the enhanced units are scheduled for
was delivered eight days ahead of schedule, reducing downtime
start‑up in 2027.
by 15%. The reduced downtime contributed a USD 39 million
positive sales margin impact, while improved execution efficiency
lowered turnaround CAPEX by a further USD 4 million. All major In parallel, Borouge completed a feasibility study for the
maintenance activities were completed successfully, ensuring expansion of its third ethane cracker (EU3) and has advanced
strong and reliable performance of the Borouge 3 assets for the into the pre‑FEED phase of development.
next six years.

=== [AR2025.pdf p45] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 45
Case study Borouge 4 plant
Borouge 4 commences commissioning
In 2025, the Borouge 4 project reached 94%
completion, with commissioning of the first facility,
XLPE 2, commencing at year-end. XLPE 2, which PE6
uses resin feedstock from the B3 plant, produces
high-purity XLPE for the high-value wire and
cable market. Production across the complex will
ramp up through 2026 as the remaining units are
commissioned.
Ethane 1.5Mtpa Ethylene
Ethane
Cracker PE7
ADNOC Gas
The Borouge 4 Asset Usage Agreement is expected
Processing
to deliver USD 400 million cumulative net profit
over three years and approximately 10%
earnings accretion, after full ramp up of the
Borouge 4 project.
EU4 Hexene-1
Powered by Borstar® 3G technology and rising global demand for
durable, low‑carbon infrastructure materials, Borouge is well positioned
to deliver specialised, value‑added solutions and strengthen its
leadership in advanced polyolefin applications.
Feedstock
XLPE 2
Borouge 3

=== [AR2025.pdf p46] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 46
Key focus areas
Exceptional operational Sustained operational excellence
for 2026
performance
Borouge’s operational excellence framework is built around five pillars – HSE, Production, Asset Management, Technical, and People & Culture In 2026, Borouge will
Excellence – each designed to strengthen performance, drive reliability, and support long‑term value creation. launch ABAX 2.0, an
2025 was a standout year for Borouge, delivering
expanded transformation
polyolefin production above nameplate design capacity
framework that introduces
in a turnaround year. Operational excellence and
a sixth pillar: Base
disciplined performance management drove 101% asset
Chemicals & Utilities
utilisation, 98% asset reliability, and the highest‑ever
Excellence. This next
annual output across several key units. The Company
phase will deepen
also achieved its highest quarterly production on record HSE Production Asset management Technical People and culture
integration, strengthen
in Q4 2025, reaching 1,464 kilotonnes, supported by excellence excellence excellence excellence excellence
cost competitiveness,
exceptional utilisation rates of 119% for PE and 114%
and elevate long‑term
for PP. These achievements highlight Borouge’s strong
asset resilience.
operational foundation and the impact of the ABAX 2025 We maintain an Borouge continues to Asset management Technical Excellence Borouge continues to build a
Programme, which delivered meaningful enhancements uncompromising focus on advance production initiatives in 2025 delivered focuses on maximising future‑ready, high‑performing
Key 2026 priorities include:
across all five excellence pillars. safety, asset integrity, and excellence by maximising substantial reliability and cost margins through high‑value workforce by strengthening
process safety compliance. throughput, minimising improvements. The Borouge differentiated products leadership engagement, • Sustaining zero Tier
In 2025, Borouge recorded losses, and improving 3 turnaround was completed while maintaining superior enhancing technical and 1 and Tier 2 process
zero Tier 1 and Tier 2 product consistency. In 2025, ahead of schedule with an product quality and behavioural capabilities, and safety incidents
101% LOPC incidents, reflecting production performance approximately 15% reduction top‑tier First‑Time‑Right accelerating digital fluency.
• Achieving new Best
disciplined execution of was strengthened through in downtime, generating (FTR) performance. In In 2025, strong progress
Demonstrated Rates,
Asset Utilisation our Asset Integrity and advanced optimisation USD 45 million in value. 2025, process stability was achieved through the
optimising grade mix,
Process Safety (AIPS) technologies – Real‑Time Further efficiencies were and reliability improved Progressive Emiratisation
and scaling digital
frameworks. HSE leadership Optimisation (RTOs), realised through optimised through reduced unplanned Programme, expanded
98% engagement remained Advanced Process Control preventive maintenance, downtime, enhanced competency frameworks, and optimisation tools
strong, with 624 site tours, (APC), Process Data improved spare parts data integration, and the the deployment of AI‑enabled • Improving asset
Asset Reliability strengthened contractor Technology (PDT) and strategies, and the adoption deployment of AI‑enabled simulators and immersive availability through
management, and expanded Yield Accounting Systems of digital maintenance tools quality tools. Progress digital learning tools. These
predictive maintenance
Highest quarterly production assurance programmes. The (YAS). AI‑enabled process such as 3D printing and continued on the 1oo1 initiatives have significantly and targeted
on record in Q4 2025 deployment of AI‑enabled enhancements, including smart‑part digitisation. These (one‑out‑of‑one) elimination improved workforce bad‑actor elimination
safety technologies further a Polymer Optimisation AI initiatives support Borouge’s programme, strengthening readiness and reinforced
reinforced behavioural‑based proof of concept, improved ambition to reduce downtime equipment availability and a culture of continuous • Advancing technical
1,464 kt
safety practices and stability, increased yield, by 30–40% and establish supporting long‑term asset learning, innovation, and resilience via the
supported a proactive, and unlocked additional world‑class shutdown and resilience. Targeted CAPEX operational excellence. 1oo1 programme
prevention‑driven safety performance uplift across turnaround practices. optimisation further ensured and enhanced
Record utilisation rates culture across all operations. both polyethylene and that investment prioritisation CAPEX governance
achieved in Q4 2025 polypropylene lines. aligned with critical technical
• Strengthening workforce
needs and operational
119% readiness through
risk reduction.
advanced capability
for PE development and
AI‑enabled training
Product differentiation and quality
• Reinforcing monomer
114%
Borouge operates one of the world’s largest single‑site, fully integrated polyolefin complexes, delivering significant economies of scale. The use of Borealis and utility system
Borstar® technology enables differentiation at scale – enhancing asset flexibility, improving reliability, and supporting superior first‑time‑right production. This reliability while reducing
for PP technological advantage allows Borouge to consistently meet the highest customer expectations while delivering high‑quality, value‑added solutions across its specific energy and
global markets.
utility consumption

=== [AR2025.pdf p47] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 47
Business Review – Sales and Marketing Guided by our commitment to At the same time, initiatives Markets and These initiatives underscore our
innovation and collaboration such as the People Pulse unwavering commitment and
products
across the value chain, we Survey reinforced our culture of steadfast contribution to a better,
successfully launched 10 engagement and performance sustainable future. This progress has
new products that advance excellence, ensuring that growth Against volatile market pricing been underpinned by the continued
sustainable packaging and is underpinned by a resilient conditions throughout 2025, we expansion of our manufacturing
circular economy solutions, and empowered organisation. continued to optimise our geographic and R&D capabilities, together
while addressing critical global With a clear roadmap for sales mix, increasing allocations with the further strengthening of
challenges such as food security capacity expansion and a to the Middle East & Africa and our global marketing footprint.
and resource efficiency. These strong foundation of trust, Borealis regions by approximately Extending from East Africa across
achievements reflect disciplined partnership, and customer 4%, supporting improved netbacks. the Middle East and into India,
commercial execution, strong focus, we are well positioned to This calibrated approach has China, Korea, Thailand, Singapore,
cross functional collaboration, accelerate momentum and deliver allowed us to optimise volume flows and Vietnam, our broad geographic
and an unwavering focus on sustainable, long term value for in a commercially beneficial way, reach continues to be a key enabler
value creation. shareholders in the years ahead. as we reallocated supply to meet of scale, allowing us to serve
market demand while leveraging our markets efficiently while optimising
wide‑ranging logistics and delivery margin capture. Our extensive
2025 was a year of capabilities. Consequently, we commercial platform – comprising 14
were able to achieve a balanced sales offices and 13 logistics hubs
strong execution and distribution of our products to worldwide – supports the efficient
high‑growth markets, meeting delivery of products across multiple
differing regional needs and regions, including our largest market,
progress for Borouge providing Borouge with a leading Asia Pacific, alongside the Middle
role in the development of highly East, Africa, and Europe, reinforcing
differentiated products. our ability to respond dynamically
to customer needs and market
Roland Janssen In 2025, Borouge achieved The new solutions that were opportunities. Asia Pacific accounted
significant progress across our developed in 2025 were designed for 59% of total sales volumes in
Chief Marketing Officer
global sales and marketing footprint, to address emerging customer 2025, while the Middle East and
delivered through commercial needs in terms of sustainability and Africa contributed 32%, with the
excellence and execution agility, performance. Examples include remaining volumes distributed
aided by the integration of artificial the first made‑in‑UAE healthcare globally through our strategic
intelligence and digitalisation Low‑Density Polyethylene (LDPE) partnership with Borealis. Our rapidly
across our operations. Despite the grade, Bormed™ LE6607‑PH, expanding global reach supported
production volume impact from a for healthcare applications that by strong pricing premia and
major planned asset turnaround at enable localised production of record sales volumes, was a major
Borouge 3, we registered a 1% year‑ critical sterile pharmaceutical driver of our outstanding financial
on‑year increase in sales volume, packaging. We also partnered performance in 2025. Despite a
reaching a new record volume of with China‑based ROX Motor challenging market environment,
5.4 million tonnes. This result was to supply advanced lightweight Borouge delivered a net profit
achieved through our exceptional polyolefin solutions for its ADAMAS of USD 1.1 billion, reflecting the
organisational competencies, SUV, in addition to inaugurating strength of our commercial strategy,
consistently strong market a joint innovation laboratory in disciplined execution, and enduring
positioning, and solid relationships Shanghai to drive sustainable customer partnerships.
with our customers. design for next‑generation vehicles.

=== [AR2025.pdf p48] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 48
Quality price product offerings and advanced supporting our sales and market to access new high‑value markets
Borstar® technology. We also expansion in 2025. Established in 2025 – particularly in the Asia‑
Segmental volumes split (2025 5.4mt) premium enhanced our pricing strategies and through a joint venture with ADNOC, Pacific and Middle East regions.
market intelligence in 2025, with its expertise in advanced technology
Across the portfolio of differentiated investments in artificial intelligence and innovation has demonstrated Looking at our direct sales, 74%
PE and PP products, the average tools that enabled dynamic pricing its ability to consistently enhance were delivered through our direct
Product group
premia for PE stood at USD 224 per models and improved customer our product offerings and sales channels in 2025, contributing
tonne, while PP achieved average relationship management systems. competitive edge. to additional margin capture and
premia of USD 134 per tonne in enabling strong relationships
2025. These figures underscore As a major provider of polyolefins, Borealis’s established market with our customers and value
Polyethylene (PE) our ability to command premium base chemicals, and fertilisers, presence and customer relationships chain partners.
prices through our differentiated Borealis has been instrumental in have been fundamental to our ability
57%
Through leadership in high-growth markets, maintaining price premia, and expanding our global footprint, we
delivered record sales volumes amidst a challenging market landscape.
Polypropylene (PP)
43%
Differentiated product prices
2023 2024 2025
Polyethylene
Borouge PE average realised price 1,129 1,095 1,046
End markets
PE product benchmark 914 898 822 Through-the-cycle premia guidance
Consumer solutions
Borouge PE premium to benchmark 215 197 224
59% 200
USD /tonne PE
Polypropylene
Infrastructure solutions
Borouge PP average realised price 1,016 1,047 985
38% 140
USD /tonne PP
PP product benchmark 891 897 851
Others
3%
Borouge PP premium to benchmark 125 150 134

=== [AR2025.pdf p49] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 49
Technology and quality This focus is critical to maintaining • Received Asian Oil and
Business Review – Technology and Innovation
control organisational readiness in an Gas Award 2025 for
increasingly dynamic operating BorSafe™ HE3492‑LS‑H,
Borealis’ proprietary Borstar®
environment and to positioning PE100‑RC material.
technology continues to provide
Borouge to capture sustainable,
a clear competitive advantage, • Inauguration of a joint innovation
long term growth opportunities.
enabling the delivery of differentiated laboratory on advanced
The launch of Bormed™ LE6607
products with superior performance lightweight polyolefin solutions
PH in 2025 exemplifies this
characteristics that meet stringent with ROX Motor in Shanghai.
approach, enabling the development
customer requirements while
of a resilient regional medical
supporting our sustainability and Capturing future growth
supply chain and supporting
circular economy objectives. local healthcare manufacturers in Borouge is structurally well
reducing risk, shortening lead times, positioned to outperform industry
and enhancing patient safety. peers across the cycle, supported
More broadly, we continue to by a differentiated product portfolio
Innovation remains a advance an extensive R&D and a clear focus on value accretive
programme spanning high value growth. In addition to developing
core pillar of Borouge’s applications across healthcare solutions that address the world’s
and hygiene, clean energy and most pressing challenges, we
electrification, and sustainability continue to deliver product premia
business strategy, driven circular economy solutions. above benchmark prices. This
In particular, next generation circular capability is underpinned by our
underpinning our products are being developed to strategic focus on differentiated
address critical challenges related products and disciplined capacity
to food waste reduction and expansion, embedding scalability
ability to achieve and recyclability, reinforcing our role as into both our long term strategy and
a provider of differentiated, future day to day operations.
sustain operational and ready solutions.
The Borouge 4 strategic expansion
Innovation Centre project represents a significant
commercial excellence step change in scale, increasing
Our Innovation Centre in
production capacity by almost one
Abu Dhabi, with over 1,400
third while further strengthening
across the organisation.
active patents, continues to drive
our innovation platform. Together,
significant advancements in
these enhancements are expected
polyolefin solutions. In 2025, key
to support sales growth in major
achievements included:
markets and reinforce our ability
Throughout the year, we remained • Launch of high‑value LDPE to generate resilient, long term
focused on ensuring that our healthcare grade, Bormed™ shareholder value.
product portfolio remains relevant, LE6607‑PH, in the UAE.
competitive, and well aligned with
key global megatrends. • Launch of a fully‑recyclable,
mono‑material barrier stand‑up
pouch solution, incorporating our
Borstar® FB560.

=== [AR2025.pdf p50] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 50
Case study Digitalisation and excellence driving the future of polyolefins through
AI-powered innovation
BH555MO
high-performance AI and digital driven transformation As we advance and implement a range of cutting‑edge AI and Borouge has successfully
digital solutions as part of our transformation journey, some of completed POC
high‑flow polypropylene for Value generation the key initiatives include:
rigid packaging needs AI enabled autonomous operations 450
717
USD m
In 2025, we successfully advanced Phase I of this initiative
BH555MO enables up to
focused on Safe Operations in close collaboration with our critical spare parts through
Through its AIDT programme strategic partners. The programme aims to equip our operating |3D printing
facilities with AI driven autonomous control rooms, powered by
50
% agentic AI to enable real‑time decision making, unlock value
creation, and proactively mitigate operational risk.
PCR content incorporation without
Borouge has identified
compromising performance Borouge continues to implement AI and digital‑powered This initiative is designed to accelerate growth, enhance safety
autonomous solutions across our value chain, covering and asset integrity, and reduce production losses by leveraging
Operations, Asset Management, Supply Chain, Sales & advanced data analytics, anomaly detection, and predictive
15,000+
BH555MO is a best‑in‑class block polypropylene Marketing, Innovation & Research, HSE and our Corporate pattern modelling. These insights activate interconnected
(PP) grade engineered for exceptional impact functions. Our comprehensive transformation is anchored agentic AI solutions across operations, enabling seamless
strength and stiffness, even at low temperatures, on strategic partnerships with world‑leading service field coordination, effective shift handovers, management of
potential spares to digitise
making it ideal for demanding applications such providers such as Honeywell, Yokogawa, Siemens, SAS, transient operational activities, plant optimisation, and flawless
as industrial pails, crates, pallets, and heavy‑ Emerson, Maersk, MBZUAE, and Gecko Robotics in communication. The project is underway with our strategic
duty toolboxes. BH555MO offers superior addition to strong in‑house capabilities. partners across the EU2 cracker covering the Gasoline
Redistillation Unit furnace and the OCU unit (dimmer section)
processability, allowing faster cycles, smoother
This foundation enables the deployment of advanced AI as well as the EU3 cracker for the C3 splitter column furnace.
mold filling, and reduced energy use. Our optimised and digital solutions, including autonomous operations, Robust execution has commenced to ensure successful More than
rheology enables complex designs without
storage probability prediction, demand planning, hazard deployment over the coming years.
compromising strength, making it ideal for durable,
identification through computer vision, robotic inspections,
everyday products. 1,500
and real‑time optimisation to name few. 3D printing and digital warehouse
This new product which enables up to 50% post‑ A critical pillar of this transformation is workforce upskilling, Borouge as successfully completed a POC by producing
consumer recycled (PCR) content incorporation delivered through the ‘Excite, Educate and Position’ more than 450 critical spare parts through 3D printing, which spares are planned during 2026
without compromising performance enhances our framework, ensuring our teams are equipped to thrive in a significantly reduced cost, lead time and inventory carrying cost.
differentiated PP portfolio. Its approval by Keter for digitally driven future. We are aiming to deploy this digital technology at full scale,
Milwaukee Tool Boxes underscores its commercial having identified over 15,000 potential spares to digitise while
viability and societal impact by supporting durable, more than 1,500 spares are planned during 2026.
sustainable consumer goods. Aligned with global
trends in circular economy and carbon reduction,
BH555MO exemplifies our commitment to future‑
proofing our portfolio and driving profitability
through sustainable innovations.

=== [AR2025.pdf p51] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 51
Robotic sphere inspection Supply chain agent hub Launch of MEERA GPT agent
Inspection of spherical tanks using robotics was We are transforming traditional logistics and supply chain In January, our Digital and Analytics solutions and Sustainability
successfully performed during the Borouge 3 plant operations to fully AI and digitally enabled processes through teams partnered to launch the Borouge Sustainability Agent,
turnaround in 2025. A wall‑climbing robot was deployed to centralised digital hub, by data integration and storage, Meera GPT. The tool enables ADNOC employees to easily
conduct ultrasonic thickness measurements on the tank cleansing and knowledge mapping. The hub links external data access and learn about sustainability across Borouge, including
to assess its structural integrity and overall health. This sources and global supply chain factors to enhanced customer our goals, strategies, governance framework, and key initiatives.
AI‑enabled solution demonstrated enhanced safety and regularity, price forecast, demand planning and inventory This initiative was recognised as first runner up in the Borouge
enabled faster inspection, thus reducing turnaround time management. We are now working with our leading shipping Excellence Awards under the AI & Digitalisation stream.
and costs. line partners to integrate their systems with the maximised yield
of the Agentic Hub. Recognition, reward and upskilling programme
Crackers front-end online optimisation
Knowledge based sales system Our AI and Digital transformation journey earned strong external
By integrating AI, process modelling, and real‑time recognition, reinforcing our position as an industry leader in
analytics, our crackers will consistently operate at their Our sales team benefits from an AI powered knowledge innovation. Key accolades include the GPCA Supply Chain
most efficient, profitable, and sustainable levels by management system built on 25 years of structured and Innovation Award and two Industry Eagle Gold Awards for
dynamically adjusting over 2,500 process parameters unstructured data. Leveraging large language models (LLMs), S&OP Quintiq and Bronze for our AI driven demand planning
and 70 performance targets while maintaining over 500 the platform enables faster and more accurate access to solution. In addition, Borouge was named a finalist at both the
operational constraints. information, strengthening decision making, improving IChemE Global Awards and the Gulf Energy Excellence Awards
marketing efficiency, and enhancing customer service. for our real time optimiser, further validating our commitment
to embedding intelligence and automation across operations
2,500 Realwear Z1 navigator to drive long term value creation. A notable highlight was
our impactful showcase at ADIPEC 2025, which attracted
We successfully deployed Realwear Z1 Navigator at full industry leaders and positioned Borouge at the forefront of
process parameter scale, beginning with a Proof of Concept in early 2025. The transformative advancements across the value chain.
intrinsically safe rugged wearable headset is designed for
frontline field teams working in hazardous environments, who Building on this momentum, we continue our strong focus on
benefit from a voice‑activated, hands‑free device that displays innovation and digital adoption, structured around three core
digital information while they work on site. It has drastically pillars: Excite, Educate, and Position. As part of this approach,
70 enhanced productivity, safety and efficiency in tough real‑world we launched a comprehensive Upskilling Programme to
environments where traditional electronics cannot be used. Our strengthen workforce capabilities through a broad range of
field team have yielded benefits of remote expert assistance, internal and external learning opportunities. The initiative has
improved inspection and data capture, reduced downtime and delivered strong results, with 64.4% of employees (1,700
performance targets
errors. individuals) actively participating, exceeding the annual target
of 60%.
Borouge's robotics process automation
maintaining over AI is deployed alongside Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
to automate repetitive tasks across our operations, ensuring
500 consistent, accurate, and error free execution while reducing
manual workload and human error. This initiative enhances
process reliability and speed, supports scalable operations,
operational constraints and advances our broader digital transformation agenda.

=== [AR2025.pdf p52] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 52
Sustainability Review
Sustainability
at Borouge
We successfully concluded one of the most
This year marks a pivotal moment
significant chapters in our sustainability
history: the five‑year Al Ruwais Environmental
in Borouge’s sustainability journey Sustainability Programme (RESP 2025). Through
disciplined execution across the organisation,
continuous innovation, and strong collective
as we accelerate progress towards
commitment, we not only met but exceeded the
programme’s ambitious targets.
our Net Zero 2045 ambition and
This achievement reflects what Borouge can
deliver when the entire organisation aligns behind
deepen our alignment with global
a shared purpose. Importantly, the lessons
gained have strengthened our governance, data
ESG standards. quality, and reporting foundations, supporting
our readiness to report against the European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS),
alongside GRI, ADX and TCFD.
Maitha Al Marashi
The organisational maturity built over the years
VP Sustainability
positions us strongly to meet rising international
expectations for transparency, double materiality,
and robust, credible ESG disclosures, reinforced
by the ESG ratings in which we continue
to participate.

=== [AR2025.pdf p53] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 53
Our Sustainability Policy commitments
Our Sustainability Policy outlines our commitments across People, Planet and Profit, which is demonstrated transparent monitoring and reporting systems, and continuous investment in our people, innovation and assets.
through visible leadership and effective communication, a proactive sustainability performance culture supported by We engage with all our stakeholders and encourage them to commit to this Policy.
Our Sustainability Policy Frameworks
Peop People Planet Profit
le
Social Responsibility
Social Environmental Economic
responsibility stewardship growth
• Pursuing a goal of no harm to • Addressing global challenges, • Maximising shareholder return
people and society such as climate change, throughout the value chain
Our
water, food, energy,
E Sustainability • Contributing to solutions healthcare and waste, with • Enhancing the reputation of
o
cP
Policy
that deliver a positive and
innovative solutions
Borouge and the image of
n or Framework sustainable impact on the plastics industry
mo
people’s lives • Minimising discharges, waste
icfi • Ensuring that the design,
G p and emissions, safeguarding
r
o w th
t
n
e t
w
ar d s
hi • P
w
th
r
e
e
o
l f
m
c
a
o
r
o
e
m
ti n
o
m
g
f
u
o
t
n
h
u
i
e
t
r
i e
p
h
s
e
e
o
w
a
p
l
h
t
l
h
e
e r
a
a
e
n
n
d
d b p i e o r d fo iv r e m r a si n ty c , e e a n n h d a n o c p i t n im g i e s n in e g r gy
o
i
a
n
p
r
t
e
e
e
g
r
s
a
r
u
i
t
t
s
i
y
o
t a
n
o
i
a
f
n
l
o
e
a
u
d
n
r
t
d
h
a
r
s
t
o
e
s
u
c
e
h
g
ts
n
h
i
o
c
u
a
t
l
a e the use of natural resources
Pl
al
St we operate their lifecycle
nt • Ensuring that energy
me • Building diverse and multi‑ • Strengthening organisational
Environ
cultural human capabilities
p
a
e
re
rf o
co
rm
ns
a
i
n
d
c
e
e
re
i
d
m
t
p
h
r
r
o
o
v
u
e
g
m
h
e
o
n
u
t
t
s
resilience through the
and creating opportunities for application of effective risk
the duration of the intended
individual growth management, security and
lifecycle of our assets
emergency preparedness, and
• Fostering mutually beneficial
• Optimising the positive business continuity practices
partnerships and social
health, safety, environmental,
initiatives within the industry • Advancing the development
At Borouge, are committed to the well‑being of society development of our people, while actively contributing energy and societal impacts
and society of local downstream
and preservation of the environment, while addressing to the United Nations Sustainable Development of our plastics throughout
industries, and science and
the economic expectations of our shareholders. We Goals (SDGs). We are committed to explore and • Respecting and conforming to their lifecycle
engineering capabilities
conduct our business within the framework of our drive opportunities towards a circular economy. As a relevant social, cultural, legal
values, vision and mission, and in accordance with signatory of the Chemical Industry’s Responsible Care® and ethical aspects of society • Optimising responsible global
applicable laws, regulations and industry standards. We Global Charter, we apply best practices and pursue procurement and supply
focus on the performance, profitability and efficiency continual improvement. chain opportunities
of our operations and enhance the contribution and

=== [AR2025.pdf p54] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 54
Key achievements in 2025 in advancing our sustainability agenda included: We were honoured with a series of significant Sustainability awards, both internationally and nationally, including:
This year, we proudly concluded one of the most important journeys in our sustainability history:
the five year Al Ruwais Environmental Sustainability Programme (RESP 2025). Through disciplined work Oil&Gas Middle East Procurement
across every function, continuous innovation, and steadfast determination, we not only met but exceeded
Sustainability
Success Awards 2025
the programme’s ambitious goals.
Initiative of the Year
Environmental progress in 2025 included:
2025
Middle East Economy’s list of
Water efficiency Energy intensity reduced by Industry Eagles Awards
30
33 30 Sustainability Leaders Transforming
Gulf Petrochemicals
% % Energy and Environment
and Chemicals
exceeding the 25% target exceeding the 28% target
Forbes Top
set against the 2018 baseline set against the 2018 baseline
Association (GPCA)
100
Supply Chain Innovation Award
Listed Companies
Scope 1 GHG emissions reduced by Scope 2 GHG emissions reduced by in the Middle East
2025
Make It In The Emirates
Emirates
27 36
% %
Energy Award
2025
exceeding the 22% target exceeding the 19% target
set against the 2018 baseline set against the 2018 baseline Asian Oil & Gas Awards
Asian Innovation
Excellence
Readiness for ESRS We advanced our capability We delivered our most Awards 2025 We maintained our Aligned with the UAE’s
reporting (European to understand and manage successful year in position in the top- 2025 theme of the “Year of
Sustainability Reporting value chain emissions commercializing circular quintile of the S&P Community,” we were able
Standards), including through enhanced Scope 3 solutions, crossing 100 kt UAE Majra Global ESG ranking, to leave a positive mark on
a double materiality reporting, giving us clearer circular sales, including both standing out among the lives of more than 22,900
assessment, in addition to insight into upstream and recyclates and Design for Impact Seal more than 500 people in the areas where
standards which we already downstream impacts and Recycling (DfR) mono‑material chemical companies we operate – thanks to the
reported against in the past, supporting more targeted solutions, based upon a strong worldwide for three dedication of our volunteers,
such as GRI, ADX, SASB reductions in collaboration co‑operation with global brand consecutive years. who collectively contributed
and TCFD. with our partners. owners and converters across over 980 volunteering hours.
Asia and the Middle East.

=== [AR2025.pdf p55] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 55
BBoorroouuggee 22002255
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy
RReeppoorrtt
Sustainability
IInnnnoovvaattiioonn
ttoowwaarrddss RReessiilliieenntt
GGrroowwtthh
reporting
framework
The Borouge Sustainability Report has been developed with reference to the Global Borouge produces a separate,
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021, the Sustainability Accounting Standards externally‑verified Sustainability
Report, which is available on
Board (SASB), and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX). These standards help
our website, providing a
us align our efforts with international best practices and ensure transparency in how
comprehensive review of
we manage material ESG topics. Moreover, in response to evolving global regulatory
our Sustainability and ESG
requirements, we have initiated steps toward aligning with the European Sustainability
commitments and progress.
Reporting Standards (ESRS), which includes a double materiality assessment.
The summary below outlines
We also engaged an external provider to perform limited assurance on selected consolidated environmental and social
our approach to sustainability
disclosures. The assurance was conducted in accordance with the International Federation of Accountants’ (IFAC)
International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 standards. and the key highlights of our
performance in 2025.
This structured approach helps us to periodically assess and refine our ESG material topics to reflect the most current
priorities and emerging opportunities.

=== [AR2025.pdf p56] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 56
Success stories
A major milestone in Borouge history
Ruwais Environmental Sustainability 100kt circular solutions sold in 2025
Programme (RESP) 2025
Water efficiency* In 2025, we surpassed a major
Ruwais is the world’s largest single‑site
milestone by exceeding 100kts
polyolefin manufacturing facility, producing 2025 Results 2025 Target
of circular sales for the first
and distributing five million tonnes of Increase by Increase by
time. This includes 25.86 kts of
polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene (PP) 33% 25% recycled material (recyclate) and
annually to customers across the globe.
76.18 kts of virgin polymer sales
This scale comes with great responsibility,
designed specifically for Design for
leading to the introduction of Al Ruwais Energy intensity*
Recyclability (DfR) applications.
Environmental Sustainability Programme
2025 Results 2025 Target This performance reflects our
(RESP) in 2020 to strategically improve
Reduce by Reduce by strong collaboration with global
our operations. RESP sets clear and
30% 28% brand owners and converters
measurable targets that drive reductions
across Asia and the Middle East,
from our 2018 baseline across carbon
demonstrating a pathway to growth
emissions, energy and water consumption, Reduce Scope 1 through combined virgin PE, PP,
and waste generation. Some of the major
GHG emissions* and recyclate solutions, all while
initiatives that were completed as part of
delivering environmental benefits.
this programme include: 2025 Results 2025 Target
Reduced by Reduce by
• Adding Advanced Process Key contributors to these results
27% 22%
Controls (APC) include the growing demand for
PE‑based DfR solutions, increased
• Reducing flaring
sales of recycled PP for plastic
Reduce Scope 2
pallets made from 100% post
• Increasing water recycling GHG Emissions*
consumer recyclates, and the
Supported by robust management systems 2025 Results 2025 Target introduction of new business
and protocols, our teams surpassed our Reduced by Reduce by models such as Marketing Services
targets two years ahead of schedule. Due 36% 19% Agreements in China, India,
to our success in exceeding our targets, and Indonesia.
2025 is now the final year of our RESP
programme. In recognition of our innovation Our circular initiatives have
and impact, this programme was named prevented or removed approximately
the Sustainability Initiative of the Year in 730kt of plastic waste leakage to the
the downstream subcategory at the 2025 environment to date.
Oil & Gas Middle East Awards, which are
amongst the most reputable awards in the
O&G industry worldwide. * Set against the 2018 baseline

=== [AR2025.pdf p57] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 57
Our People
In 2025, our people were instrumental in delivering Borouge’s strategic Our Human Capital function continues to invest in developing and
At Borouge, our people milestones and operational goals. Their dedication, capability, and empowering our employees, creating a culture that supports growth,
commitment enabled Borouge to meet our targets and uphold the retention, and long term career development. By providing meaningful
highest standards of performance. The achievements of the year clearly opportunities to build new skills, take on expanded responsibilities, and
are the driving force
demonstrate the strength of our workforce and the essential role each advance within the Company, we not only strengthen our talent pipeline
individual plays in Borouge’s success. but also enable our people to realise their full potential.
behind our success.
Notable achievements in 2025 related to our people development and
capability building include:
Operating across Asia, the Middle East, and Africa, we
are proud of our diverse community of around 3,000
68,305 36
employees, representing more than 50 nationalities. hours of training employees
conducted across all our programmes supported through part time study
This diversity is a source of strength – bringing
leave, enabling them to pursue
together a wide range of perspectives, experiences, further education while balancing
344
and ideas that fuel innovation and resilience. HSE training sessons their professional responsibilities
held for 8,530 participants, including
direct hire employees and contractors,
Automated
resulting in
We are committed to fostering an inclusive and collaborative culture in which
Online
every employee feels empowered to contribute. Guided by our core values, 637,000 tracking
USD in cost savings
we work as one team, united by a shared purpose and ambition. This spirit of and reporting system created to
collaboration underpins our ability to deliver sustainable growth, strengthen address HSE training compliance
performance, and uphold the highest standards of excellence in everything 100% of the
we do. Two-day technical
42
Trainees
orientation
who participated in our Fresh Graduate
conducted for
Programme completed our Youth
Development Programme (YDP) and
45
successfully integrated into the Company new employees
including Borouge 4
under Marhaba Ruwais
35
Leadership Ecosystem Onboarding Programme
Programme sessions held

=== [AR2025.pdf p58] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 58
As of the end of 2025, our workforce comprised 14.1% female employees We also take pride in our holistic approach to employee well being,
Our People across all areas of operations, with 19% of females holding management which encompasses the four dimensions of social, personal, work, and
positions. Borouge is committed to advancing gender balance and environmental well being. Throughout the year, we organised a range of well
supporting the empowerment of women across the organisation, in being activities designed to support work–life balance and promote a positive
Diversity and Inclusion alignment with the vision of the UAE’s leadership. We continue to invest in and healthy working environment for all our people.
high quality professional development opportunities to enable the growth and
advancement of women across Borouge. At the same time, we are active in We place high importance on organisational culture as a key driver of
attracting and retaining high calibre female talent, ensuring that women play positive and sustainable change across Borouge. In 2025, we continued
We are committed to attracting, developing, a central role in shaping our future workforce and contributing to our long to implement the Culture Renovation Programme, with the objective of
and retaining a diverse workforce that reflects term success. strengthening a high performance and accountable culture, deeply rooted in
our values and behaviours, and reinforced through positive cultural shifts.
the breadth of the communities and markets we
Developing local talent
serve. Employees with different backgrounds, At the heart of our Culture Transformation journey is our Culture Renovation
experiences, and perspectives play a critical role Developing and empowering UAE National talent is a cornerstone of our Committee, which leads our efforts to strengthen a high performance,
accountable culture rooted in Borouge’s values and behaviours. In 2025, the
in driving innovation across our business. By People Strategy and reflects our long standing alignment and support of the
Committee advanced a refreshed Culture and Engagement Action Plan and
UAE’s national development agenda. We believe that investing in the skills
bringing together a diverse team, we harness a
continued to drive leadership led communication, recognition initiatives, and
and capabilities of Emiratis is essential to building a strong, sustainable
wide range of ideas and viewpoints, fostering the rollout of the Culture Toolkit across the organisation. To support these
workforce and contributing to nation building.
priorities, a series of activities were delivered throughout the year, including
creativity and enabling more innovative and
e learning workshops, recognition events, fireside chats, and in person
As of the end of 2025, we achieved our Emiratisation targets with an
effective solutions for our customers.
engagement sessions. Culture Tuesdays also remained a vibrant part of
outstanding score of 55.54% on applicable positions. Out of our total
our workplace, bringing colleagues together weekly to reinforce connection,
workforce, 1,130 are UAE Nationals, comprising half of our overall
creativity, and community.
headcount. This milestone demonstrates both the strength of our talent
pipeline and the effectiveness of our long term approach to national
workforce development. To support the growth of UAE Nationals across
all career stages, we have a dedicated function focused on developing Recruitment in 2025
secondary‑ and tertiary level Emirati graduates. This team designs and
delivers structured development programmes that provide the technical, Total experienced 110
behavioural, and leadership skills needed for successful and meaningful
careers at Borouge. Over the years, we have continued to offer our Emirati Total graduates 42
employees opportunities for international exposure, career advancement,
Emiratisation on recruitment 64
and professional development. By upholding high standards of excellence
and providing a workplace where talent can thrive, Borouge is well‑
Including graduates female diversity 8
established as an employer of choice for UAE Nationals.
UAE National Non-UAE National
Employee engagement and culture
Graduates Experienced Experienced
Employee engagement is essential to the long term success and
sustainability of any organisation. Engaged employees are more motivated, Female 0 5 3
productive, and committed, contributing directly to stronger overall
performance. At Borouge, our leaders and managers continue to prioritise Male 42 17 85
regular communication with employees, providing frequent updates
and maintaining enhanced two way channels that encourage open and Total 42 22 88
constructive exchange of information and ideas.

=== [AR2025.pdf p59] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 59
Performance management
Talent development
Building on last year’s progress, 2025 marked a year
of strengthened performance management, reinforcing Developing the skills, capabilities and future readiness of our people is a strategic priority for Borouge. We offer a wide range of internal and external
our commitment to continuous development learning opportunities, including e learning, on the job training, classroom programmes, coaching, mentoring and specialised technical development.
and accountability. The use of the Continuous
Through ADNOC’s Learning Management System (LMS), our employees have access to curated e learning content tailored to their individual needs
Performance Management (CPM) system was further
and interests, covering areas such as management, HSE, leadership, technical skills, role related competencies and interpersonal development.
enhanced, ensuring that real time feedback, structured In line with our business priorities, we delivered several key learning initiatives in 2025.
discussions and data driven insights remain central
Coaching for Early Professional Employees (EPEs) Competency streams Borouge elite
to our performance culture.
transformation were integrated under our Youth programme
Technical Competence
Development Programme (YDP),
For the third consecutive year, we refined CPM subcategories to enable We continued our coaching while 20 ADNOC Training Academy Standard The Borouge Leadership
more precise evaluations, clearer performance expectations and stronger platform in SAP for all Ecosystem continued in 2025,
trainees completed the 25% our
We achieved 97% implementation
talent development outcomes. These enhancements supported more employees, strengthening access featuring a bespoke, 12‑month,
On‑Job Training Programme and
for Operators, Technicians,
meaningful conversations between employees and leaders, improving to certified and professional Continuing Professional
successfully graduated.
and Supervisors.
transparency and alignment with organisational priorities. The integration internal coaches across Borouge. Development (CPD)‑accredited
of data analytics into performance reviews also provided deeper This enhanced platform supports 7 EPEs Elite High‑Potential Programme,
insight into performance trends, high potential talent and development employees in unlocking their Asset Integrity & Process which combined executive
needs. Our continued emphasis on well being and support within the potential, stimulating creativity During 2025, seven Early Safety Standard masterclasses, curated
performance framework helped strengthen engagement, motivation and and productivity, and driving Professional Employees (EPEs) digital learning, and business
We achieved 97% implementation
long term success. Overall, 2025 was a year of sustained advancement meaningful personal and were integrated under our YDP critical projects sponsored by
for Operators, Technicians,
in performance management, laying a solid foundation for continued professional growth. senior leadership.
and Supervisors.
excellence and workforce development in the years ahead.
20
Youth empowerment In addition, we delivered the 2025
In 2025, we continued to invest ADNOC Training Academy Internship programme Elite Programme, developing
in the development of our (ATA) Trainees completed During 2025, we welcomed 87 high potential talent through
young entry point professionals, Interns, who were given the two cohorts and five targeted
integrating them into the 25% opportunity to gain basic work interventions, which included
organisation and preparing our On-Job Training experience and fulfil their graduation financial acumen, leadership
them to take on increased Programme and successfully requirements. In addition, there effectiveness, and project
responsibilities. graduated. were 60 talent mobility cases within execution, with strong participation
Borouge during 2025, giving them and 20 graduates.
We remain committed to the opportunity to enrich their
equipping early career talent with 20 knowledge, experience, and skills Furthermore, we designed
the skills, exposure, and support by involving in various projects and comprehensive toolkits to
needed to contribute effectively employees graduated from leadership development plan. reinforce learning across all
Cohort 1 in 2025 programmes, supporting lasting
within their functions and to the
behavioural change and delivering
wider organisation.
36
a positive ROI, as evidenced by
36 employees are currently participant feedback.
enrolled in Cohort 2

=== [AR2025.pdf p60] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 60
Risk Management
Enterprise Strategic resilience in action
We operated against a backdrop of global macroeconomic uncertainty, geopolitical disruptions, and accelerating regulatory change. Despite these
Risk Management
conditions, we continued to anticipate, adapt, and respond effectively, leveraging an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework that is deeply embedded
across the organisation.
Our ERM approach is anchored in internationally recognised standards, including ISO 31000 and COSO ERM, ensuring alignment with global best practice.
In 2025, we advanced from a traditional defensive
This framework is not merely procedural; it is cultural. Risk‑informed decision‑making is integrated from strategy and capital allocation through to operational
risk mitigation to a model of Strategic Resilience, execution, reinforcing trust and resilience.
positioning Borouge to thrive amid volatility and
Looking ahead to 2026, our priority is to deliver on our strategic growth objectives, while remaining resilient through the cycle and positioning the business to
complexity.
capture long‑term polyolefins demand growth. We do not merely manage risk; we manage for reality, building resilience today to convert future demand into
sustained value.
Risk culture
Risk culture remains a cornerstone of Borouge’s resilience. In 2025, we strengthened this culture by fostering proactive risk conversations across leadership
platforms, including the Board Audit Committee sessions and executive management reviews. These dialogues ensure that emerging risks are identified
early and deliberated at the highest levels, reinforcing a strong tone from the top.
Our governance model follows a structured, multi‑layered oversight approach: our CEO provides strategic approval of Borouge’s risk posture, senior
management aligns mitigation strategies with business objectives, and risk champions embedded across functions identify issues at source. Independent
assurance from Internal Audit validates the effectiveness of controls, supporting continuous improvement and accountability.
Our risk culture is built on:
Three lines of defence
Functional risk
champions, management
oversight, and Internal
Audit assurance.
Continuous
Tone from the top improvement
Regular risk Governance indicators
deliberations at Board confirm timely closure
Audit Committee of risk action plans
and executive Risk and alignment with
management platforms. strategic priorities.
Culture

=== [AR2025.pdf p61] ===
The risk assessment architecture Risk treatment and mitigation philosophy
We apply a systematic process to identify, analyse and Based on our established risk thresholds and tolerance
The Borouge ERM Framework
evaluate risks, ensuring a consistent approach across levels, Borouge applies four primary treatment
all operating locations. strategies to manage risk effectively:
Our risk methodology remains anchored in ISO operations to multibillion‑dollar investments, is
31000 model and COSO ERM guidance, ensuring informed by a clear understanding of risk. This • Establishing the context: We define key • Treat: Reduce the likelihood and/or impact of a
alignment with globally recognised best‑practice integration strengthens trust, supports disciplined parameters based on the external environment, risk by implementing mitigation action plans or Risk
standards. ERM is embedded across Borouge’s governance, and enables sound, forward‑looking shareholder expectations and our internal Action Plans (RAPs).
culture so that every decision, from day‑to‑day decision‑making throughout the organisation. value drivers.
• Tolerate: Accept the risk within defined limits while
• Identification and analysis: We assess where, continuing to monitor for changes.
when and how potential events could affect our
• Transfer: Shift the financial or operational impact of
business objectives, considering both threats and the
a risk to a third party, such as through insurance or
opportunities that may emerge.
Risk Reporting Establishing
outsourcing. This does not eliminate the risk entirely
the Context
Functional top risks • The Bowtie Method: This visual methodology maps but can mitigate its consequences.
Refers to the
as well as the progression of risk from root causes to final
Company top risks consideration of the consequences. It clarifies the distinction between • Terminate: Avoid or discontinue the activity that
external and internal
are reported to gives risk to the risk where feasible.
context which the preventive controls (before an event) and reactive
the management Risk Establishing
function operates in controls (after an event), supporting robust business
Reporting the Context
continuity planning.
Barrier/controls Escalation/Response/Recovery
Risk Evaluation Risk
Risk Identification
Refers to the Risk Identification
prioritisation of Refers to the
Evaluation and
risks. Action plans identification of risks
Analysis
are created for from the internal and
additional mitigation external context,
of some risks which could prevent
the achievement of Risk/Top
objectives
Event
Risk Evaluation
Refers to the
prioritisation of
risks. Action plans
are created for
additional mitigation
of some risks
Risk Landscape Business Continuity Landscape
ksiR/esuaC/taerhT
Consequence
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 61

=== [AR2025.pdf p62] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 62
Risk Management
Emerging risks
Governance Our Internal Audit Department provides independent assurance by
assessing the effectiveness of these processes and incorporating
oversight and feedback from management, risk champions and ERM team. This In a dynamic market environment, we continuously
assess emerging risks to remain proactive and resilient.
ensures our control environment remains strong, adaptive and aligned
This process involves ongoing monitoring and analysis
continuous with evolving business and risk landscapes.
of external factors that could influence our objectives
and performance. Identified emerging risks are reviewed
improvement through our Management Committees, ensuring
leadership has clear visibility and is prepared to respond.
Where possible, new and evolving risks are linked to
ERM is embedded across the organisation to existing risk categories, allowing for a cohesive and
integrated risk management strategy. Mitigation action
ensure Borouge effectively manages risks and CEO
plans are then defined, monitored, and tracked to ensure
supports both short-term performance and APPROVAL
effective timely and effective response. This proactive
long-term growth aspirations. process strengthens Borouge’s ability to adapt to volatility
and maintain resilience in pursuing our strategic goals.
Our approach is integrated and proactive, enabling the During 2025, this included:
business to anticipate and respond to a wide range of risks and
potential disruptions. BOROUGE
MANAGEMENT Continuously reporting and assessing
ALIGNMENT emerging risks through Leadership Committees
Our multi‑layered oversight structure ensures clear accountability
and Board Audit Committee meetings, ensuring
throughout the enterprise:
timely visibility and oversight.
Approval
Supporting our management and project
Our CEO provides final strategic approval of Borouge’s
teams by providing risk insights for strategic
overall risk posture.
VP VP VP VP growth projects and major initiatives.
VERIFICATION
Alignment
Our senior management ensures risk‑mitigation actions are Conducting scenario-based risk assessments
aligned with business objectives and operational priorities. to support the business during disruptive
market conditions and global events impacting
Verification RISK RISK RISK RISK our operations.
Our functional management verifies that mitigation IDENTIFY CHAMPIONS CHAMPIONS CHAMPIONS CHAMPIONS
ANALYSE
measures are effective and operating as intended
within their departments.
Identification and Analysis
Our risk champions embedded across all departments
identify emerging risks at the source and escalate
them appropriately.

=== [AR2025.pdf p63] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 63
Risk Management
Navigating principal risks in 2025
The year was marked by persistent geopolitical and geoeconomic disruptions. The Red Sea and Suez Canal corridor, which typically handles
Geopolitical 12‑15% of global trade and nearly 20% of container traffic, experienced severe interruptions, forcing carriers to reroute via the Cape of Good
& geoeconomic Hope. This extended transit times by up to two weeks and drove shipping costs to levels more than 140% above pre‑crisis benchmarks. Borouge
mitigated these exposures through friend‑shoring strategies and diversified logistics routes, preserving supply chain integrity.
Macroeconomic conditions added further complexity. Global GDP growth moderated to 3.2%, while polyolefin markets faced a pronounced down‑
cycle driven by oversupply and weak demand. Borouge responded with disciplined capital management, value‑based pricing, and a focus on
specialty grades to protect margins. At the same time, regulatory developments accelerated. The European Union’s Carbon Border Adjustment
Mechanism (CBAM) moved toward its definitive phase, and sustainability reporting obligations under CSRD and ESPR began to reshape
compliance landscapes. Borouge proactively advanced low‑carbon intensity initiatives and traceable product data capabilities to maintain market
access and meet evolving stakeholder expectations.
Macroeconomic
& market
In 2025, the United States implemented broad tariff measures under its “reciprocal trade” policy, imposing a baseline 10% duty on most imports
and significantly higher rates on targeted sectors, including chemicals and plastics. Polyolefin imports, such as polyethylene and polypropylene,
faced combined tariffs exceeding 25%, while downstream plastic products were subject to duties of up to 45%. These actions disrupted global
trade flows, raised input costs, and reduced U.S. resin imports by nearly 7% year‑on‑year. For Borouge, the tariff environment compressed
competitiveness for commodity‑grade resins but reinforced the strategic importance of specialty products and regional diversification, enabling us
to mitigate exposure and sustain market access despite shifting trade dynamics.
Cybersecurity risks intensified across industrial sectors, with ransomware campaigns and OT/ICS‑targeted attacks escalating. In response,
AI Borouge transitioned from static controls to dynamic, agentic governance, implementing zero‑trust principles for operational technology and
& cybersecurity deploying digital‑twin‑enabled resilience strategies. These measures strengthen our ability to safeguard critical infrastructure and maintain
operational continuity.

=== [AR2025.pdf p64] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 64
CBAM’s definitive regime begins on 1 January 2026: EU importers must purchase and surrender CBAM certificates against embedded emissions
in covered sectors, with scope expansions under consideration. On reporting, the EU’s Omnibus I has narrowed Corporate Sustainability Reporting
Sustainability Directive (CSRD) scope, targeting companies with over EUR 450 million turnover and over 1,000 employees, with first‑wave companies having
& ESG reported for 2024 and certain later waves deferred. Digital Product Passports under the Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR)
are phasing in from 2026, with batteries and other high‑impact categories prioritised; harmonised standards are being advanced to enable
interoperability. Implication: low‑carbon intensity and traceable product data become prerequisites for EU market access.
Borouge’s integrated Al Ruwais site is recognised as the world’s largest single‑site polyolefins complex, which forms a cornerstone of our HSE
risk management strategy. By consolidating production units, utilities, and safety systems under a unified governance framework, we ensure
consistent standards and operational resilience. Leveraging ISO 50001‑certified energy management and the Ruwais Environmental Sustainability
HSE
Programme, the site has delivered significant reductions in flaring, water consumption, and greenhouse gas emissions since 2018. Large‑
& operational
scale maintenance turnarounds, such as Borouge 2, were executed with strong adherence to HSE protocols and millions of safe man‑hours,
underscoring our commitment to minimising operational risk. This integrated approach enhances our ability to prevent, detect, and respond to HSE
challenges across the entire complex.
Strategic Borouge 4 remains a flagship execution priority. Execution focus areas include commissioning readiness, workforce availability, and rapid market
growth integration, with prudent capital cycle management given the broader oversupply signals in basic chemicals.
The World Economic Forum’s 2025 Future of Jobs survey underscores the pivot in skills: 39% of core skills are expected to change by 2030,
People with AI/big data, cybersecurity, and technological literacy among the fastest‑growing capabilities. Employers anticipate substantial reskilling,
& talent with demand strongest at the intersection of petrochemicals domain expertise and data/automation proficiency. Our succession planning and
knowledge management programmes are prioritising these hybrid skill sets.
In 2026, Borouge’s strategic posture shifts from realignment to high‑stakes execution. The commissioning of Borouge 4 remains a flagship
priority, requiring meticulous readiness planning, workforce optimisation, and rapid market integration. At the same time, we continue to navigate
Looking ahead: a challenging capital cycle characterised by petrochemical oversupply and margin compression. Our focus on disciplined investment, operational
2026 and beyond excellence, and sustainability compliance positions Borouge to convert potential risks into structural advantages. By embedding resilience
into every facet of our operations, from governance and culture to technology and sustainability, Borouge stands prepared to deliver
sustainable value to stakeholders in an increasingly complex global environment.

=== [AR2025.pdf p65] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Governance
Report

=== [AR2025.pdf p66] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 66
Board of Directors
Committed to
standards of corporate
governance
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Mr. Stefan Doboczky Khaled Salmeen Nasser Omair Al Muhairi
Chairman Director and Vice Chairman Director Director
Our Board of Directors (or
“Board”) is committed to
standards of corporate
governance that are aligned with
international best practice.
As per the Articles of Association Daniel Turnheim Klaus Bernhard Alfred Frohlich Hetal Patel Thomas Michael Boesen
of the Company, it comprises Director Director Director Director
eleven members since the
incorporation of the Company.
As of year-end 2025, the Board
was reconstituted at the annual
general assembly meeting held
on 7 April 2025.
Philippe Roodhooft Ahmed El Hoshy Ayesha Mohammad Al Hammadi
Director Director Director

=== [AR2025.pdf p67] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 67
The Board of Directors has adopted a Group Management and Governance Policy which includes various principles applicable to the management of the Borouge Group
and the make‑up of the Board, including that there must be at least one female Director, the manner of exercise of Borouge’s rights as a shareholder in PTE and the exercise of
Borouge’s rights to appoint, remove and replace seven of the Directors of PTE. The policy also governs the appointment, removal, and replacement of certain other Group personnel
(including the chief financial officer and chief operating officer). Borouge’s articles of association further require that each Director serves a three‑year term, after which a Director
may be elected to a successive term or terms.
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Stefan Doboczky Mr. Khaled Salmeen Mr. Nasser Al Muhairi
Chairman Director – Vice Chairman Director Director
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber has been serving Stefan Doboczky, an Austrian citizen, was appointed CEO Khaled Salmeen is the former CEO of ADNOC Downstream, Nasser Al Muhairi is the Acting CEO of Downstream
as Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology of Borealis in July 2024. His career started in 1992 with where he oversaw the entire downstream value chain. He at ADNOC, where he is responsible for driving value
since July 2020, as the UAE’s special climate envoy ARCO Chemical in the UK, where he spent seven years was a driving force behind the successful public listing of across one of the world’s most integrated and diversified
since November 2020, as a member of Abu Dhabi before joining Royal DSM, where he held successive five downstream companies, the strategic consolidation of energy portfolios. He oversees a value chain that moves
Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs senior management and executive board positions in the ADNOC’s gas businesses, and the launch of high‑impact molecules from processing to conversion to market
since December 2020, as Minister of State of the UAE Netherlands, China, and Singapore over a period of 17 years. ventures like TA’ZIZ. Additionally, as a proven dealmaker, delivery, maximising value creation and impact, while
Cabinet from March 2013 to July 2020, as Chairman In 2015, he was appointed CEO of Lenzing AG, a position Mr. Salmeen has led major transactions that have expanded leading the performance, growth and strategic direction of
of the National Media Council from 2016 to July 2020, he held for six years before private equity in the specialty ADNOC’s global footprint, reinforcing ADNOC’s position the portfolio. A seasoned energy executive, Nasser brings
as Group Chief Executive Officer of ADNOC since chemicals arena with SK Capital and Heubach in 2022. He as a regional and international leader. Mr. Salmeen holds over 15 years of experience in commercial operations,
February 2016 and additionally Managing Director of has been a member of the OMV Supervisory Board since board positions at ADNOC Logistics and Services, ADNOC strategic planning, and portfolio optimisation. He has
ADNOC since February 2021. From January 2014 to 2019, from which he stepped down due to his new role at Refining, ADNOC Gas, Borouge ADP, Fertiglobe, ADNOC played a central role in shaping ADNOC’s downstream
February 2016, he served as Chief Executive Officer, Borealis. Stefan Doboczky holds a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Global Trading, and ADNOC Distribution. He chairs the boards transformation, enhancing customer centricity, expanding
Energy, of Mubadala Development Company. H.E. the Vienna University of Technology, Austria, and an MBA from of Borouge PTE, ADNOC Trading, TA’ZIZ, and Abu Dhabi international reach, and unlocking synergies across the
Dr. Al Jaber is also Chairman of several ADNOC IMD Lausanne, Switzerland. Gas Distribution, and serves on the boards of NGSCO and value chain. Previously, Nasser served as Executive
Group companies, Chairman of Masdar, Chairman of OMV. In his previous role, Mr. Salmeen led the Marketing, Vice President of Downstream Business Management,
Emirates Development Bank, Chairman of FAB Misr Supply, and Trading Directorate of ADNOC. His leadership where he oversaw the commercial performance of
and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Mohammed experience includes roles as CEO of Khalifa Industrial Zone ADNOC’s portfolio and led cross‑functional alignment
bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence, as well Abu Dhabi (KIZAD), Chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals, and between Group entities, operating companies, and
as a member of the Board of Directors of Advanced COO of Tabreed. Mr. Salmeen holds a Bachelor’s degree strategic partners. He played a key role in strengthening
Technology Research Council, Mubadala Investment in Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines and an governance, embedding a sharper shareholder mindset,
Company, Emirates Global Aluminium, Emirates Executive MBA from INSEAD. and enabling agile decision‑making across ADNOC’s
Investment Authority and First Abu Dhabi Bank. H.E. Dr. downstream platforms. Nasser also serves as Chairman
Al Jaber holds a PhD in business and economics from of Ruwais LNG, the first LNG export facility in the Middle
Coventry University in the United Kingdom, an MBA East and Africa to be powered by clean energy, as well as
from the California State University, and a Bachelor in Chairman of TA’ZIZ, a world‑scale chemicals and transition
Chemical Engineering from the University of Southern fuels hub in the heart of the United Arab Emirates.
California, USA. Additionally, Nasser sits on the Boards of ADNOC Gas
Processing, ADNOC LNG, ADNOC Distribution, ADNOC
Global Trading, Borouge, Navig8, Fertiglobe, Masdar
and NMDC Energy, reflecting his active leadership in
corporate strategy and external partnerships across the
energy value chain. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in
Chemical Engineering and Master’s degree in Business
Administration, and has completed executive development
programs in leadership and energy strategy.

=== [AR2025.pdf p68] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 68
Mr. Daniel Turnheim Mr. Klaus Frohlich Mr. Hetal Patel Mr. Thomas Michael Boesen
Director Director Director Director
Daniel Turnheim was appointed as CFO of Borealis in Hetal Petal brings over 30 years of experience of investing, Thomas Boesen was appointed as a member of the Board
June 2023. He looks back at a long‑standing career With extensive experience in Mergers and Acquisitions, M&A and operational experience to the team, along with recent of Directors as of the establishment of the Company.
in OMV Group. After joining the company in 2002, he commercial and investment banking, capital markets, change experience across a wide range of products in the Chemicals Mr. Boesen was appointed Vice President Middle East
held various senior management functions in OMV management, debt, equity and financial restructuring, Klaus industry. He has a wide range of industry experience from of Borealis AG in May 2018. Prior to this role, Mr. Boesen
Finance, including Head of Controlling at OMV UK in Froehlich has been at the helm of ADNOC’s Group Strategic Engineering & Construction through to Agriculture. Within was Chief Financial Officer and Senior Adviser with
London, United Kingdom and a two‑year assignment to Investments Function since 2020. He is responsible for ADNOC, and now XRG, he has led the asset management responsibility for strategy in Borouge. Mr. Boesen first
Petrol Ofisi in Istanbul, Turkey. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. executing both ADNOC’s short and long‑term growth and value of Borouge, Borealis, OMV, Fertiglobe and Taziz, as well joined Borealis in 1994 and has since held several roles
Turnheim held the role of Chief Financial Officer at OMV creation strategies. Prior to joining ADNOC, Mr. Froehlich as leading the M&A processes for significant chemicals including Director of Business Planning and Analysis,
Petrom in Bucharest, Romania. Before he joined Borealis spent over 20 years in the financial services industry, including investment projects. Prior to this, Mr. Patel was an Investment Director of Decision Support, Business Development
he was Vice President Finance & Tax at OMV AG. Mr. 17 years at Morgan Stanley and more recently for three years Director at Mubadala Investment Company where he lead Manager of Innovation and Middle East and Asia,
Turnheim is an Austrian citizen and holds a Master’s as Chief Financial Officer of the Saudi Binladin Group in the Chemicals portfolio (US$17bn) which included Nova Business Project Manager and Business Unit Controller
degree from the Vienna University of Economics and Jeddah. Previously, he has held various roles at BNP Paribas Chemicals and Borealis. Within Mubadala he also lead the of Engineering Applications. Mr. Boesen was seconded
Business in Vienna, Austria. and Deutsche Bank. Mr. Frohlich holds a Bachelor of Science asset management for the largest aquaculture producer in by Borealis to Borouge from 2005 to 2008 and again from
degree in Accounting and Finance from the London School of the Mediterranean serving on the Board of Directors where 2011 to 2018. Mr. Boesen is also a member of the Board
Economics and Political Science (LSE), and is a member of he also served on the Audit Committee and Chaired the of Directors of Borouge 4 LLC. Mr. Boesen holds
the Institute of Directors. People Committee. Prior to this he spent 10 years at SNC‑ a Master’s degree in Economics and Business
Lavalin, one of the largest Engineering and Construction Administration from Copenhagen Business School,
firms globally, as Head of Strategy, Head of M&A and General Denmark, with a specialisation in Finance, Accounting,
Manager of the Saudi Arabian business unit. Earlier in his and International Business.
career he was a consultant at McKinsey & Co for 4 years
where he delivered a wide range of investment, acquisition
and performance improvement projects for a wide variety of
clients. Previous experience includes Goldman Sachs in New
York and PwC in London. Mr. Patel started his career at the
Ministry of Defence in the UK with the Warfare Division of the
Royal Navy where he worked directly with the Chief of Staff
Warfare to drive the Strategic Warfare Trials programme. Mr.
Patel serves on the Board of Borouge Group, where he serves
on the Executive Committee. He is also a Board member of
Borealis where he is the Vice Chair of the Board and Vice
Chair of the Remuneration Committee. At Fertiglobe plc, he
is a member of the Executive Committee and the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee. He holds an MBA from
Cornell University and is a qualified Chartered Management
Accountant (ACMA).

=== [AR2025.pdf p69] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 69
Mr. Philippe René M. Roodhooft
Director
Philippe Roodhooft was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company.
Mr. Roodhooft was appointed Executive Vice President Joint Ventures and Growth Projects of Borealis AG in January
2018. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Roodhooft was Chief Operating Officer of ADP. Between 2007 and 2013, Mr. Roodhooft held
several senior management positions within Borealis, including as General Manager for the Central European production
sites, Senior Vice President Operations for the Borealis group of companies and Senior Vice President Supply Chain and
Product Management for Polyolefins. Mr. Roodhooft is also a member of the Board of Directors of Bayport Polymers LLC.
Mr. Roodhooft holds a Master’s degree Cum Laude in Applied Science from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium,
with a specialisation in Production Management and Electro‑mechanical Engineering.
Mr. Ahmed El Hoshy
Director
Ahmed El‑Hoshy has been CEO of Fertiglobe PLC since 2021, where he led its successful IPO on the Abu Dhabi Exchange
(ADX), effectively navigating commodity market cycles, and leading Fertiglobe’s consolidation with ADNOC to create a
world leader in low carbon ammonia and urea. Mr. El‑Hoshy was formerly based in London as the CEO of OCI Global,
one the world’s largest ammonia and methanol producers at the time, with a capacity of 17 million tons per annum of
hydrogen‑based products, manufactured across four continents. He played an integral role in the successful divestment
of four businesses of OCI Global in 2023 and 2024, generating $11.6 billion of proceeds, unlocking significant value for
shareholders. Mr. El‑Hoshy also held senior executive positions over thirteen years at OCI Global, including Global Chief
Operating Officer, CEO of OCI Americas and CEO of OCI Partners. Previously, he was based in New York and led the
growth of OCI’s US and European businesses in both the ammonia and methanol sectors, including the establishment
of over 6 million tons of production in Iowa and Texas. Mr. El‑Hoshy received his bachelor’s degree in economics from
Harvard College with honours and began his career at Goldman Sachs as a member of the investment banking and special
situations groups in New York and Dubai.
Ms. Ayesha Mohamed Nouri Aqil Al Hammadi
Director
Ayesha Al Hammadi is Executive Vice President, Group People & Culture at the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
(ADNOC), where she leads the Group’s people and culture agenda across talent, rewards, leadership, organizational
effectiveness, and AI enablement. With more than two decades of experience at ADNOC, she has held senior leadership
roles spanning performance management, rewards, people development, and organizational planning, and serves as a
strategic partner to the Group’s leadership on enterprise‑wide transformation and cultural evolution. She is a Board Member
of Borouge and ADNOC Schools and serves on the Remuneration Committees of several listed ADNOC Group companies,
including ADNOC Distribution, ADNOC Gas, ADNOC Drilling, ADNOC Logistics & Services, Fertiglobe, and PureHealth.
She was named GCC Government HR Leader of the Year (Public Sector, 2024) and is a graduate of Harvard Business
School’s Advanced Management Program.

=== [AR2025.pdf p70] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 70
Mr. Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi Ms. Daniela Vlad
Former members
Former Director (Until 3 February 2025) Former Director (Until 7 April 2025) Former Director (Until 28 February 2025)
of the Board of
Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri was appointed as a member of the Omar Al Nuaimi was appointed as a member of the Board Daniela Vlad was appointed as a member of the Board
Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Mr. of Directors on 6 June 2023 and has been a member of
Alhajri was the Executive Director of Downstream at ADNOC Al Nuaimi is the current Senior Vice President Accounting, the Executive Board of OMV Aktiengesellschaft since 1
Directors
from May 2016 until his retirement in April 2021. From 2016 to Strategy Reporting and Tax at ADNOC. Previously, Mr. Al February 2023. In this function, she took over the Chemicals
2021, Mr. Alhajri served as chairman of the Board of Directors Nuaimi served as the Senior Vice President Financial Policies, & Materials division of OMV to further strengthen, expand,
of PTE. From 2007 to 2016, Mr. Alhajri was the Chief Executive Systems and Controls at ADNOC from May 2020 to February and diversify the chemicals business. She resigned as a
Officer of ADP. Mr. Alhajri currently serves as a member of 2021 and the Chief Financial Officer of Emirates Defence Borouge Plc board member as well as from the Executive
the Board of Directors of Abu Dhabi Oil Refining Company Industries Company PJSC from February 2015 to April 2020. Board of OMV Aktiengesellschaft by end of February 2025.
(Takreer), Abu Dhabi National Oil Company for Distribution Prior to that, Mr. Al Nuaimi was a Director of Finance and After her studies – the Romanian‑born holds a Master’s
PJSC, ADP and Arkan Building Materials PJSC. Mr. Alhajri Director of Supply within the Mubadala group. degree in Chemical Engineering from the Technical University
holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in Chemical Engineering of Timisoara in Romania and a cum laude Master’s degree
from the University of Texas in the United States. Mr. Al Nuaimi holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in in Business Administration from Twente University in the
Computer Science (with a Business specialisation) and a Netherlands – she held management positions at Shell and
Master’s degree in Professional Accounting from Seattle Phillips, and most recently the management of key global
Mr. Khaled Mohamed Abdulla University. Mr. Al Nuaimi is also a certified public account from businesses at AkzoNobel – such as Powder Coatings and
the State of Washington, USA. Industrial Coatings. Thanks to her many years of international
Alalkeem Al Zaabi
experience in the chemical business and in leading strategic
Former Director (Until 7 April 2025) transformations, Ms. Vlad combines chemical and financial
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish knowledge with experience in the field of sustainable
technical solutions.
Khaled Mohamed Abdulla Alalkeem Al Zaabi was appointed Former Director (Until 7 April 2025)
as a member of the Board of Directors as of the establishment
of the Company. Mr Al Zaabi is the current Acting Group Chief
Tasnim Faraj Abdulla Ahnaish was appointed as a member of
Financial Officer of ADNOC. Mr. Al Zaabi previously served as
the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company.
the Senior Vice President of the Financial Planning, Reporting
Ms. Ahnaish is currently Vice President of ADNOC’s Value
and Group Performance Management function of ADNOC from
Chain Optimisation and Analytics function. She previously
February 2021 to December 2021, and as the Senior Vice served as a Manager of ADNOC’s Value Chain Optimisation Female representation on
President of the Financial Planning, Budgeting and Reporting
and Analytics function from January 2019 to June 2020 the Board of Directors
function of ADNOC from January 2020 to January 2021. He
and various roles such as a Principle Research Investigator
also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Abu
at Standards and Technology Division, Research and
Aeysha Al Hammadi was appointed to the Board
Dhabi Oil Refining Company (Takreer), ADNOC Trading Ltd.
Development and Environmental Engineer at Standards and
of Directors on 7 April 2025 as an independent
as well as a committee member on several ADNOC‑affiliated
Technology Division, Environmental and Energy Efficiency
Director. Borouge is therefore in compliance with
companies. Mr. Al Zaabi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Finance
Department at ADNOC Gas Processing from November 2012
SCA Corporate Governance Rules which require one
from Deakin University, Victoria, Australia.
to December 2017, which included a three‑month secondment
female member of the Board.
to TotalEnergies in 2016. In addition, between 2012 to 2014,
Ms. Ahnaish worked as an Operations and Environmental
Engineer at ADNOC Gas Processing in its Al Ruwais and
Habshan plants and responsible for leading and executing
ADNOC’s digitisation scope of work.
Ms. Ahnaish holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical
Engineering from the American University of Sharjah,
United Arab Emirates, a Masters of Law in International
Law and Sustainable Development from the Sorbonne
University, United Arab Emirates and an Executive Master of
Business Administration degree from Cambridge University,
United Kingdom.

=== [AR2025.pdf p71] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 71
The following table sets out the meetings held by our Board of Directors in 2025:
Directors’ remuneration
Board Meeting (1) Board Meeting (2) Board Meeting (3) Board Meeting (4)
(Including Board Committee Members and non‑Board
of 2025 Dated of 2025 Dated of 2025 Dated of 2025 Dated
Committee Members) Director Position 03 February 2025 29 April 2025 30 July 2025 28 October 2025
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairman P P P P
As per the Company’s Regulations, the
Stefan Doboczky Vice Chairman P P P P
remuneration of the members of the Board
of Directors should be approved by the Board
Khaled Salmeen Director P P P P
of Directors. This is then submitted for the
approval of the shareholders at the Annual Post his resignation Post his resignation Post his resignation Post his resignation
Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri Director
as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director
General Meeting.
Post his resignation Post his resignation Post his resignation
Khaled Al Zaabi Director P
The remuneration for services of the Board of Directors for the as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director
financial year ended on 31 December 2024 amounted to AED 29.62
Post his resignation Post his resignation Post his resignation
million. As at the date of the issuance of this Report, the Board of Omar Abdulla Salem Obaid Al Nuaimi Director P
as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director
Directors have not yet approved the remuneration to be paid to the
members of the Board of Directors for their services rendered in 2025. Post her resignation Post her resignation Post her resignation
Tasnim Ahnaish Director P
It is expected to be approved at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director
Therefore, no payments have been made in this regard so far.
Philippe René M. Roodhooft Director P P P P
Board meetings attendance records Thomas Michael Boesen Director P P P P
Our Articles of Association require that the Board of Directors meets Post her resignation Post her resignation Post her resignation
Daniela Vlad Director P
a minimum of four times each year. The quorum for meetings is at as a Board Director as a Board Director as a Board Director
least two Directors appointed by ADNOC and two Directors appointed
Prior to his appointment
by Borealis. Decisions on Board Reserved Matters also require the Klaus Froehlich Director P P P
to the Board as a Director
approval of at least two ADNOC Directors and two Borealis Directors.
Board Reserved Matters include the approval of: Prior to his appointment to
Daniel Turnheim Director P P P
the Board as a Director
1. the Borouge Group Strategy, Business Plan and budget;
2. annual financial statements;
Prior to his appointment to
3. entry by any member of the Borouge Group into joint ventures or Nasser Omeir Almheiri Director P P P
the Board as a Director
partnerships with any third party in respect of any petrochemical
project; and Ahmed El Hoshy Director P P P P
4. the creation or dissolution of Board Committees,
among other items. Prior to his appointment
Hetal Patel Director P P P
to the Board as a Director
Prior to her appointment to
Ayesha Al Hammadi Director P P P
the Board as a Director
A Absent P Present

=== [AR2025.pdf p72] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 72
In 2025, the Board of the Directors passed nine Written Resolutions. Below is a list of the dates when these Written Resolutions were issued.
Written resolutions
of the Board of Directors
Written resolutions and dates
1. Resolution dated 27 March 2025 re approval of remuneration matters.
2. Resolution dated 5 April 2025 re approval of the appointment of external auditors.
3. Resolution dated 8 April 2025 re approval for the share buyback program.
4. Resolution dated 16 April 2025 re approval of the distribution of interim dividends by Abu Dhabi Polymers Ltd (Borouge) – Sole
Proprietorship LLC for the first quarter of the financial year 2025.
5. Resolution dated 9 June 2025 re approval of the Khalifa Port Packaging Services contract award and variation to the Port Operation
Contract, Jebel Ali.
6. Resolution dated 9 July 2025 re approval of the Khalifa Port Packaging Services contract award.
7. Resolution dated 12 December 2025 re approval of the Trade Receivables Securitization Program.
8. Resolution dated 26 December 2025 re approval of the Global Shipping Services ‑ contract award for one year to thirteen suppliers.
9. Resolution dated 30 December 2025 re approval of the distribution of interim dividends by Abu Dhabi Polymers Ltd (Borouge)
– Sole Proprietorship LLC for the third quarter of the financial year 2025.
Matters reserved to the Board of Directors and delegated to management
A delegation of authority for Borouge was approved on 27 April 2024 The DOA sets out the matters that are delegated by the Board to its Board
(“DOA”) to facilitate the business of Borouge including its subsidiaries Committees, to the Chief Executive Officer of Borouge (“CEO”) or the
(i.e. PTE and PTE subsidiaries and ADP), (the “Borouge Group”). The Chief Marketing Officer of Borouge (“CMO”), or to both of them jointly, as
Company is the sole owner of ADP, and the majority shareholder of well as highlighting those matters which the Board wishes to expressly
PTE, and is the holding company for the Borouge Group. The Borouge reserve or those matters that are expressly reserved for the Major
Group conducts its business exclusively via ADP and PTE (including their Shareholders. The Board, the CEO or the CMO may elect to delegate
respective subsidiaries from time to time). By documenting delegations certain matters by way of separate authority (including by way of a POA,
of authority in sufficient detail, Borouge promotes responsibility, special delegation or, the approval of Committee terms of reference).
accountability, and adequate internal control over the authorisation and The DOA also contains various Board‑approved financial authority limits.
execution of the activities of the Borouge Group. Matters not expressly delegated in the DOA remain matters reserved for
the Board or the Major Shareholders.

=== [AR2025.pdf p73] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 73
Inside information
All members of the Board and Board Committees are required to comply with the Group’s information sharing protocol which sets out guidelines on
& insider dealing policy matters relating to the sharing of material non‑public information and insider trading.
In addition, Borouge also requires all Insiders to be registered with ADX as a Borouge Insider, sign an Insider undertaking form, which sets forth the
obligations and responsibilities required to comply with the Insider Dealing Policy.
As part of our commitment to acting with the highest
levels of integrity, and complying with applicable
Aligned with ADX regulations on prohibition periods, and any adhoc prohibition periods that may be declared based on our dynamic business
capital markets and securities regulations, we take environment, Borouge prohibits Insiders and their connected parties from trading Borouge’s securities during these periods.
the utmost care to prevent insider dealings and
insider trading. Accordingly, we have implemented
Share dealings
an Inside Information & Insider Dealing Policy. As per
this policy, all employees in possession of Borouge The following table sets out the details of all purchases and sales of our shares undertaken by our Directors, their spouses and their children
in 2025:
inside information are considered “Insiders” and their
connected parties must also comply with these rules. Shares held on Total sale Total purchase
Director Position 31 December 2025 transactions transactions
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairman — — —
Stefan Doboczky Vice Chairman — — —
Khaled Salmeen Director — — —
Ahmed El-Hoshy Director — — —
Klaus Froehlich Director 8163 — —
Hetal Patel Director — — —
Ayesha Al Hammadi Director — — —
Daniel Turnheim Director — — —
Thomas Boesen Director — — —
Philippe René M. Roodhooft Director — — —
Nasser Omair Al Muhairi Director — — —

=== [AR2025.pdf p74] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 74
Executive
management
Borouge organisation chart
Board of Directors Borouge PLC
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Roland Janssen Jan-Martin Nufer Dr. Hasan Karam
Hazeem S. Al Suwaidi* Roland Janssen** Chief Executive Officer Chief Marketing Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer
Chief Executive Officer Chief Marketing Officer Mr. Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi has served as Mr. Roland Janssen serves as Chief Mr. Jan‑Martin Nufer joined Borouge on 1 Dr. Hasan Karam joined Borouge on 1 May
the Chief Executive Officer of Borouge since Marketing Officer of Borouge PLC and Chief November 2022 as Chief Financial Officer 2023 as Chief Operating Officer of Borouge.
2020. Under his leadership, Borouge has Executive Officer of Borouge Pte Ltd, based of Borouge. He has broad international An oil and gas industry veteran with 30 years
navigated its listing as an IPO and entered a in Singapore. He was appointed CEO on experience in various finance roles, senior of experience in refinery operations, Dr.
transformational phase of growth to become 1 March 2025. Mr. Janssen has more than leading and board positions for more than Karam oversees day‑to‑day administrative
Dr. Hassan Karam Jan-Martin Nufer a global petrochemical champion. He has 25 years of international experience in the 30 years. Mr. Nufer has managed projects and operational functions at Borouge.
Chief Operation Officer Chief Financial Officer spearheaded the company’s operational chemicals and industrial sectors, holding globally and has led finance organisations
activities, accelerated growth projects, and senior leadership and board‑level roles in a variety of set‑ups. Prior to Borouge, Previously, Dr. Karam held senior positions
significantly contributed to the development of across commercial, operational, and general he spent 16 years in petrochemicals in various capacities at ADNOC Refining,
the UAE’s petrochemicals industry. management disciplines. Prior to Borouge, (Borealis) and before that in a number of steering the growth and transformation of the
* Mr. Al Suwaidi is also Chief Executive Officer of ADP.
From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Al Suwaidi was Mr. Janssen was General Manager at multinational industries such as aviation, company’s performance‑driven culture.
** Mr. Janssen is also Chief Executive Officer of PTE
the CEO of Al Ruwais Fertiliser Industries Phillips 66, a US‑based diversified energy telecommunication, financial advisory, large In his most recent role as Vice President of
LLC (Fertil), where he played a pivotal company, where he oversaw the chemicals industrial conglomerates, and banking. Plant Operations at Al Ruwais Refinery, Dr.
role in expanding the business regionally portfolio. He joined Borealis in 2007 and Karam was instrumental in developing the site
and internationally, transforming it into a held a number of global leadership roles, He has been closely involved with Borouge into one of the largest refinery complexes in
Other
high‑performing, market‑facing, and people‑ including Global Vice President, Energy; from the shareholder side since 2007 for the world and contributing to the commercial
Salaries benefits centred company. Prior to his tenure at Fertil, Managing Director, Americas; and President Borouge 2, 3 and 4, and the successful performance and sustainable growth of
and Total in the he was the Senior Vice of President Regional of Borealis Compounds Inc. During this time, listing in 2022. Mr. Nufer is a founding board its operations.
Appointment Allowances bonuses near Sales MEA at PTE, where he successfully he delivered double‑digit profitability growth member of ACTA, the Austrian Corporate
Director Position date USD USD future established a strong market position for in the global Energy business and led the Treasury Association and EACT (European Dr. Karam holds a Ph.D. in Project
Borouge’s products in the MEA region during successful start‑up of a new production site Corporate Treasury Association) board Management from SKEMA Business
Hazeem Sultan Chief the high‑growth period of Borouge 3 capacity in North Carolina. He also served as Vice member. Mr. Nufer is a trained banker and School, France.
Executive 10 May 2022 $773,733 $680,735 $68,334 ramp‑up. President, Energy at Borouge in Singapore holds a degree (Diplomkaufmann, eq. Master)
Al Suwaidi
Officer for six years, focusing on innovation, value from the University of Mannheim, Germany.
Mr. Al Suwaidi is also a board member of creation, and business growth. Earlier in his
Chief
Jan-Martin the Gulf Petrochemicals and Chemicals career, he held roles with The Dow Chemical
Financial 1 November 2022 $543,848 $163,376 $8,762
Nufer Association (GPCA). He holds a Bachelor’s Company and the Volkswagen Group.
Officer
degree with honours in Business
Chief Administration majoring in Marketing, from Mr. Janssen holds a Master of Science in
Roland Marketing 1 March 2025 $854,341 $233,580 California State University of San Bernardino, Automotive Engineering from the University
Janssen United States of America..
Officer of Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, and
a Bachelor of Science in Automotive
Chief
Dr. Hasan Engineering from HTS Autotechniek,
Operating 1 May 2023 $673,023 $367,597
Karam The Netherlands.
Officer

=== [AR2025.pdf p75] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 75
External auditors
Borouge entrusted the external audit function for Borouge’s yearly accounts to Ernst and Young Middle East.
Number of years served as an external auditor 4 Years
for the Company
Number of years served by the responsible partner 4 Years
in auditing the Company’s accounts
Total fees for auditing the financial statements Income Tax Audit
of 2025 (in AED) AED 2,706,157
The details and nature of other services provided Income Tax Audit
(if any), and in case there are no other services, AED 96,747
this shall be expressly stated
ICFR Opinion
AED 157,359
A statement of the other services performed by an external auditor None
other than the Company’s auditor in 2025 (if any), and in case
there is no another auditor, this shall be expressly stated
For our annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025,
Ernst and Young Middle East issued an unqualified audit opinion.

=== [AR2025.pdf p76] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 76
Decisions regarding related party transactions are generally made by Committee also receives information and reporting relating to the business
Executive Committee
way of a vote of non‑conflicted Committee Members, although in certain and operations of the Group. All members of the Executive Committee are
circumstances all members of the Executive Committee will be entitled to required to comply with the Group’s information sharing protocol which sets
vote. These matters include (without limitation) related party transactions out guidelines on matters relating to the sharing of non‑public confidential
entered into in relation to any proposed acquisition of the business or information and insider trading.
The Executive Committee assists the Board in
assets, or any proposed acquisition of shares in the capital of Borouge 4
discharging its responsibilities, including in relation to
LLC, the purchase of polyolefin technology licences, certain research and The members of the Executive Committee acknowledge their responsibility
the Company’s commercial performance. The Board development matters and certain other ordinary course transactions. for the Executive Committee’s systems, review of their work mechanism, and
has delegated to the Executive Committee approval ensuring their effectiveness.
Along with related party transactions, various other decisions are reserved
of related party transactions. However, certain related
to the Executive Committee, including the approval, amendment or The Chairman of the Executive Committee also acknowledges his
party transactions will not require such approval termination of Group policies relating to finance, budget and business responsibility for the Committee’s policy, review of its work mechanism and
(including transactions entered into pursuant to the planning, procurement, investment, and business continuity. The Executive ensuring its effectiveness.
related party agreements already existing on the date
of the listing).
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Executive Committee in 2025:
Dated Dated Dated Dated Dated Dated Dated
24 January 12 March 15 April 03 June 16 July 16 September 24 October
Director Position 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025
Chairman
Khaled Salmeen P A P P A P P
and Member
Deputy
Philippe Roodhoft Chairman P P P P P P P
and Member
Hetal Patel Member P P A P A P P
Thomas Boesen Member P P P P P P P
Klaus Froehlich Member P P P P P P P
A Absent P Present

=== [AR2025.pdf p77] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 77
In addition, and subject to the Articles, the Nomination and Remuneration The Nomination and Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference
Nomination
Committee assists the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation require that the Nomination and Remuneration Committee must comprise
to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the four members. At least three of the members of the Nomination and
and Remuneration Company’s policy on executive remuneration and decisions on certain Remuneration Committee will need to be Non‑Executive Directors (of whom
of the Group’s human capital policies, setting the overarching principles, at least two will need to be independent), in each case within the meaning of
parameters and governance framework of our remuneration policy and those terms in the Governance Rules.
Committee
overseeing remuneration and benefits packages.
The members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee acknowledge
The Board has delegated to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee their responsibility for the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s
decisions in relation to the appointment, removal, and replacement of systems, review of their work mechanism, and ensuring their effectiveness.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists
personnel reporting directly to the Company’s chief Executive Officer, senior The Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee also
the Board in setting and overseeing the nomination
vice presidents of the Group and management personnel reporting directly acknowledges his responsibility for the Committee’s policy, review of its work
and remuneration policies in respect of the Board, to the Group’s senior vice‑presidents. mechanism and ensuring its effectiveness.
any Board Committees and senior management. In
such capacity, it is responsible for evaluating certain
matters relating to Borouge’s executive management,
evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge and The following tables sets out the meetings held by the NRC in 2025:
experience of the Board and its Committees and, in
Dated Dated
particular, monitoring the independent status of the
Director Position 18 March 2025 26 June 2025
independent Directors.
Khaled Salmeen Chairperson P P
Philippe René M. Roodhooft Deputy Chair P P
Ayesha Al Hammadi Member P P
Thomas Michael Boesen Member P P
A Absent P Present

=== [AR2025.pdf p78] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 78
Audit Committee
The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the annual report The Audit Committee meets not less than four times per year. All members
and accounts remains with the Board. The Audit Committee gives due of the Audit Committee are required to comply with the Group’s information
The Audit Committee assists the Board in consideration to the applicable laws and regulations of the UAE, the ADGM, sharing protocol which sets out guidelines on matters relating to the sharing
discharging its responsibilities related to the SCA and the ADX. of material non‑public information and insider trading.
financial reporting, external and internal
The Audit Committee Terms of Reference requires that the Audit Committee The Audit Committee takes appropriate steps to ensure that the Company’s
audits, and controls. This includes reviewing must comprise six members. At least three members of the Audit external auditors are independent of the Company as required by applicable
and monitoring the integrity of our financial Committee must be Non‑Executive Directors (of whom at least two must be law. The members of the Audit Committee acknowledge their responsibility
independent). In addition, at least one member is required to have practical for the Audit Committee’s systems, review of their work mechanism, and
statements, the extent of non-audit work
audit, finance, or accounting experience. The Audit Committee is chaired by ensuring their effectiveness. The Chairman of the Audit Committee also
undertaken by external auditors, advising on the
one of the independent members and includes other members elected by acknowledges his responsibility for the Committee’s policy, review of its work
appointment of external auditors, overseeing the Board as needed. The members of the Audit Committee are appointed in mechanism and ensuring its effectiveness.
accordance with the relevant terms of reference.
the relationship with our external auditors, and
reviewing the effectiveness of both the external
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Audit Committee in 2025:
audit process and our internal control review
function. AC#4/2024 AC#1/2025 AC#2/2025 AC#3/2025
Dated Dated Dated Dated
Director Position 23 January 2025 22 April 2025 22 July 2025 21 October 2025
Khaled Al Zaabi (*) Chairman P ‑ ‑ ‑
Tasnim Al Mzaini (**) Member P ‑ ‑ ‑
Hetal Patel (***) Chairman ‑ P P P
Klaus Froehlich (****) Member ‑ P P P
Ahmed Abujarad Member A P A P
Vice Chairman
Daniel Turnheim P P P P
and Member
Thomas Boesen Member P P P P
Sandra Mueller Member P P P P
A Absent P Present
* Mr. Khaled Al Zaab resigned as Chairman of the Audit committee of Borouge Plc *** Mr. Hetal Patel appointed as Chairman of the Audit committee of Borouge Plc
as of 25 February 2025. as of 25 February 2025.
** Ms. Tasnim Al Mzaini resigned as member of the Audit committee of Borouge Plc **** Mr. Klaus Froehlich appointed as member of the Audit committee of Borouge Plc
as of 25 February 2025. as of 25 February 2025.

=== [AR2025.pdf p79] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 79
Dividend policy
General information
Borouge’s ability to pay dividends is dependent on a number of factors, including the availability of distributable reserves, the Company’s capital expenditure plans, credit
rating considerations and other cash requirements in future periods, and there is no assurance that the Company will pay dividends or, if a dividend is paid, what the
amount of such dividend will be. Any level or payment of dividends will depend on market conditions among other factors.
0
Company's share performance during 2025
No Violations
Trading of Borouge shares on the ADX started on 3 June 2022 under the symbol BOROUGE. The share price on 31 December 2025 was AED 2.60. Borouge’s market
were committed by Borouge in 2025
capitalisation on 31 December 2025 was approximately AED 78 billion. The following table sets out the closing price and the high and low share prices of our shares at the
end of each month during 2025.
The above statement does not imply that our systems
and procedures provide absolute assurance as to the
realisation of our business objectives, or that they can
prevent all misstatements, inaccuracies, errors, fraud,
and any non‑compliance.
High (AED) Low (AED) Close (AED)
January 2.50 2.41 2.46
February 2.65 2.51 2.64
March 2.66 2.30 2.44
April 2.67 2.42 2.58
May 2.61 2.48 2.48
June 2.54 2.43 2.54
July 2.66 2.55 2.64
August 2.66 2.64 2.66
September 2.66 2.52 2.52
October 2.64 2.50 2.51
November 2.51 2.48 2.50
December 2.63 2.51 2.60
Source: Bloomberg

=== [AR2025.pdf p80] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 80
Comparative performance of Borouge's share price Breakdown of shareholding by region (as at 31 December 2025)
with the General Market Index during 2025
Percentage of shares held
AED
Shareholder category Individual Companies Total
3.00
Local 3.0% 59.7% 62.8%
2.90
2.80 GCC (Excluding UAE) 0.1% 0.1% 0.2%
2.70 Arab (Excluding GCC) 0.2% 0.0% 0.2%
2.60 Foreign 0.2% 36.7% 36.9%
2.50
Total 3.4% 96.6% 100.0%
2.40
2.30
Shareholders who held 5% or more of Borouge's capital by region (as at 31 December 2025)
2.20
2.10
% of the shares held of
2.00 Name Number of shares held the company’s capital
31/12 31/01 28/02 31/03 30/04 31/05 30/06 31/07 31/08 30/09 31/10 30/11 31/12
Borouge ADX Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) 16,231,153,455 54%
Borealis Middle East Holding GmbH 10,820,768,970 36%
Breakdown of shareholding by ownership percentage (as at 31 December 2025)
Number of
Share(s) owned shareholders Shares % held
Less than equal to 50,000 21,210 98,710,540 0%
50,000 to 500,000 1,313 209,498,029 1%
500,000 to 5,000,000 354 549,094,755 2%
More than 5,000,000 74 29,200,388,259 97%
Total 22,951 30,057,691,583 100%

=== [AR2025.pdf p81] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 81
Procedures taken with respect to the controls of 6. Discharged the members of the Board of Directors from liability for the
investor relations financial year ended on 31 December 2024.
Throughout the year, Borouge’s Investor Relations Department publishes 7. Discharged the auditors from liability for the financial year ended on 31
earnings releases and arranges briefings, conference calls, and webcasts December 2024.
to raise investors’ awareness globally about the Company’s attractive value
8. Approved remuneration for the Board of Directors of AED 29.62 million
proposition among listed companies and provides updates on Borouge’s
for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024.
strategy and performance. Each quarter, Borouge holds earnings conference
calls and webcasts to communicate its quarterly and annual results to 9. Approved the appointment of Ernst & Young Middle East as external
analysts, shareholders, and investors to discuss its financials and outlook. auditor for the financial year 2025, remuneration of USD 867,468 plus
Copies of all presentations, releases and investor information are available any applicable VAT.
on its investor relations website. A proactive Investor Relations strategy
10. Approved the Company’s authority to purchase up to 2.5% of its issued
is key to sustaining investor trust and maximising shareholder value,
shares, subject to applicable ADGM Company Regulations and ADX
particularly during volatile market conditions and global uncertainty.
rules, including permitted price movements and authorising the Board
(or its delegates) to execute, dispose of, and determine the duration of
Investor relations contact information
the share buyback programme.
Investor Relations Officer
Christopher Bucknall 11. Elected the following individuals as members of the Board of Directors
for a three‑year term in accordance with the Company’s Articles
Contact
of Association:
ir@borouge.com
https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-relations/Pages/home.aspx
1. H.E. Dr. Sultan Al Jaber 7. Mr. Thomas Boesen
2. Mr. Stefan Doboczky 8. Ms. Ayesha Al Hammadi
General Assembly and special resolutions presented
3. Mr. Khaled Salmeen 9. Mr. Ahmed El Hoshy Emiratisation percentage in Borouge
to the General Assembly (including material events)
Borouge PLC – Annual General Assembly Meeting 4. Mr. Klaus Froehlich 10. Mr. Hetal Patel 51.82%
held on 7 April 2025 5. Mr. Daniel Turnheim 11. Mr. Nasser Almheiri Emiratisation rate as of 31 December 2025
1. Approved the Board of Directors’ report on the Company’s activities and 6. Mr. Philippe Roodhooft
Cash and in-kind contributions toward
its financial position for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024.
the local community development
2. Approved the external auditor’s report for the financial year ended on
Borouge PLC – General Assembly Meeting held on and environmental conservation
31 December 2024.
29 August 2025
During 2025, Borouge made the following
3. Approved the Company’s standalone audited financial statements for
Approved the recommendation of the Board of Directors concerning a cash contributions:
the financial year ended on 31 December 2024.
interim dividend distribution of USD 660,000,000 (equivalent to
4. Approved the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ consolidated audited AED 2,426,850,000 amounting to approximately 8.1 fils per share) for the AED 300,460 and
financial statements for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024. first half of the financial year 2025.
60.84
AED million
5. Approved the recommendation of the Board of Directors concerning
The Secretary to the Board of Directors
a cash dividend distribution of USD 650,000,000 (equivalent to AED in support of environmental conservation*
2,387,125,000 amounting to approximately 7.9 fils per share) for the The position of the Board Secretary is held by Mr. Ahmad Ma’abreh from
second half of the financial year ended on 31 December 2024, to bring A&O Shearman, a multinational law firm headquartered in London. *These amounts are not given in physical, hard currency, but payable via wire
the total cash dividend for the financial year ended on 31 December Mr. Ma’abreh is a partner in the corporate team of A&O Sherman’s transfers, cheques, etc.
2024 to AED 4,774,250,000 (equivalent to 15.88 fils per share). Abu Dhabi office. Mr. Ma’abreh was appointed effective 1 February 2023.

=== [AR2025.pdf p82] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 82
Ethics & Compliance Programme
Borouge Code of Conduct
Integrity is at the heart
Please click here
of what we do and is to download a copy of our
Code of Conduct.
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy Conflicts of Interest Policy
the foundation of our
Ensuring we comply with all applicable anti‑ Ensuring we conduct business
Download
bribery and corruption laws and regulations in in a conflict‑ free manner.
business. each jurisdiction where we operate.
Data Privacy & Protection Policy Sanctions & Export Controls Policy
Maintaining employee and third parties’ trust in Ensuring we comply with all applicable
how we manage and process personal data as and evolving sanctions and export controls
well as ensuring compliance with data protection regulations in all jurisdictions where we operate.
laws in each of the countries in which we operate.
Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Inside Information Management
Terrorist Financing Policy & Insider Dealing Policy
Ensuring we go to the farthest extent to combat Ensuring we comply with applicable capital
money laundering and terrorist financing. markets and securities regulations related to
Inside Information and Insider Dealing.
At Borouge our commitment to ethical practices and Borouge Code of Conduct &
integrity is fundamental to our mission and operations. Ethics & Compliance Policies
We believe that our success depends on maintaining
Our Code of Conduct serves as a cornerstone of our
the trust of our stakeholders, including shareholders,
ethical framework, ensuring that every employee,
employees, customers, and communities. The Ethics
contractor, and board member adheres to the highest
& Compliance Programme at Borouge is aligned
standards of professional behaviour. It reflects our
with international best practice and works to not only
commitment to uphold the highest standards of ethical
monitor and test the programme, but also to educate
business practices and is aligned with our core values.
and train employees to strengthen our compliance
The Code forms the anchor for all compliance policies,
culture and ethical foundations.
which together establish the expected standards of
ethical behaviour in everything we do.

=== [AR2025.pdf p83] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 83
Borouge Third Party Borouge Code of Conduct/Core Values
Code of Conduct
Please click here
Our Third‑Party Code of Conduct serves a similar purpose for those
to download a copy of our
external to Borouge. The Borouge Third‑Party Code of Conduct
Third Part Code of Conduct
sets out the minimum standards for ethical business practices that
G
we expect from any third party working with Borouge. These basic N
RI 1
standards are necessary to conduct Borouge‑related business in an T O G Download
ethical and compliant manner and in accordance with our values. NI RISK O
M O u es Assessment G o 2 V E R
A C pr l o l i n d th c e i i p r o d le f p s C a a o rt n n ie d d s u c c e o t n m a g p n a l d y g e a w d r i e t b h r y e r e q B l u e o i v r r o e a u d n g t t e o la r c b e o o c n u e fi r i v r l m a e w a t s h c e a o i n r p d c y o r o m e f g m t u h i l e t a m t T i e o h n n ir t s d . t o P i a ts rt y
D
et e 9
&
ct i C n o g r r I e s c s ti v e O C v u e ltu rs v re i e g r h n t a & n c e N A N C E
s
Compliance Framework n
o
y
cti
S
O c
s
to
o
t
u
a
n
m
r
n
t r
d
C
a
o
a
n
o ls
r
a
m
d
g
a
s
p
i
n
,
n
l i d
a
g
a
n
n p
c
d
c r
o
o e
m
in
c F
p
e
te
r
l
d a
i
r
a
u
n
m
n
r
a
e
c
e
l
s
e
w
p
t
o
o
r
h
i
l
r
s
i
a k
c
k
t
i
s
e
i e s
s
a
n a
.
n
s
I
d
u s
t
e r
p
e
e t
r
n
o
o w
s
v
f
u
e
i
s
d
r
t m
i
e
r
n
u
s
g
e c
a
e t
t
u
h
t
s
r
a
m
y
e
t
s
a d
t
t
h
n
e
g d
e
m
u a
o
i
a
d t
r
e
t
e
g
i
d
c
l
a
i n
a
r
n
e e
p
is
g s
p
a
u ,
r
t
o
l
i
a
o
a
t
n
i
c
o
h
n s, 8
D
s
i
ci
pli n a r
G
ui d
eli n e s
&
A c
ti o n s A
Code
B
o
o
f
r o
C
u
o
g
n
e
duct/
t a n d a
r d
s
W r it t e
n
3
operates ethically and legally.
Core Values
s
WR n
e o
M h is p o ati
7
e
c h a
n
tl
i
e
s
b
m
lo
w
rti
i
n
n
g
g & C o m
m u ni
c
4
M
Im & p C ro o o v n n e t i i t m n o u r e i o n n u g t s T A ra w i a n r in e g n e & s s
6 5
IMPLEMENTATION

=== [AR2025.pdf p84] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 84
Ethics & Compliance Programme
A list of these existing agreements and other arrangements with Related 3. Renewal of the Transportation, Handling and Storage Agreement
Parties can be found on the International Offering Memorandum (Carbon Black and Petroleum Fines) between ADP and ADNOC
Transactions with
(“IOM”) published on 23 May 2022, (see the section entitled “Business Refining effective as of 7 January 2025 (date when the original
– Material Agreements”). Since the publication of the IOM, the following agreement expired). The renewed agreement is valid for another
related parties transactions with related parties have taken place in the ordinary course period of three years (January 2028).
of business and in accordance with the approval process under the
None of the transaction values exceed the equivalent contractual
articles of association:
amount equating to 5% of Borouge’s share capital value. Out of all
1. Purchase of base resin by ADP from Borealis to support existing contracts with Related Parties, two of them had a total amount
ADP and PTE are and have been a party to various
XLPE production. of transactions exceeding 5% of Borouge’s share capital (considering
agreements and other arrangements with related
the total amount of transactions undertaken under each of them as of
parties comprising ADNOC and certain of its other 2. Sublease between PTE and ADNOC Global Trading Asia Pte Limited
the listing):
in relation to part of the area under a Lease Agreement between SG
subsidiaries and Borealis and certain of its other
OGS Pte Limited, as Lessor and PTE, as Lessee. The sublease is (i) the Feedstock Supply Agreement signed with ADNOC; and
subsidiaries (collectively, the “Related Parties”).
effective on 17 October 2022, valid until 31 October 2024. The lease
(ii) the Catalyst Supply Agreement signed with Borealis, both of them
has been terminated on 31 October 2024. In November 2024, the
entered into prior to the listing. More details on these contracts
Company sub‑leased another part of the office to OMV Supply &
can be found in the IOM (see the section entitled “Business –
Trading Singapore Pte Ltd.
Material Agreements”).
The value of all transactions with Related Parties undertaken by the Borouge Group (as disclosed in our 2025 financial statements) is as follows:
As per 2025 financial statements USD’000
Revenue – ADNOC Group* 46,116
Revenue – Borealis AG* 570,028
Purchase – ADNOC Group* 1,430,076
Purchase – Borealis AG* 557,579
Sales and Distribution Cost – ADNOC Group* 136,649
Administrative costs including interest expenses – ADNOC Group and Borealis AG* 86,642
Sub‑lease to Related party** 141,649
Lease Liability to Related Party** 166,180
* Please refer to note 12(b) in the 2025 Financial Statements.
** Please refer to note 8(b)(c) in the 2025 Financial Statements.

=== [AR2025.pdf p85] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Financial
Statements

=== [AR2025.pdf p86] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 86
Board of Directors’
Report for the year
ended 31 December 2025
The Directors present their report together with Directors During the year ended 31 December 2025, several members
resigned from the Borouge PLC board, with replacement
the audited consolidated financial statements of
The Directors of the Group during the year and as of the date of appointments made in same period. During the year ended
Borouge PLC (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
the audit report were: 31 December 2024, Mr. Thomas Gangl resigned from his position
(together, the “Group”) for the year ended as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and was replaced by
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairperson Mr. Stefan Doboczky.
31 December 2025.
Mr. Stefan Doboczky Vice Chairman
Release
Mr. Thomas Gangl (resigned) Vice Chairman
The Directors release from liability the management and external
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Director/Board Member
auditor in connection with their duties for the year ended
Mr. Thomas Boesen Director/Board Member 31 December 2025.
Mr. Philippe Roodhooft Director/Board Member
Directors’ statement to the disclosure
Mr. Nasser Omair Al Muhairi (appointed) Director/Board Member to auditors
Principal activities
Mr. Daniel Turnheim (appointed) Director/Board Member
In so far as the Directors are aware, there is no relevant information
The purpose of the Company is to serve as a holding
Mr. Klaus Froehlich (appointed) Director/Board Member of which the Group’s auditors are unaware.
company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd
(Borouge)‑Sole Proprietorship L.L.C. (“ADP”) and Mr. Hetal Patel (appointed) Director/Board Member
The Group’s auditors have been provided with access to all
Borouge Pte Ltd. which are engaged in the principal
Mr. Ahmed El-Hoshy (appointed) Director/Board Member information of which we are aware that is relevant to the preparation
activities of production of ethylene, propylene,
of consolidated financial statements.
polyethylene, polypropylene
Ms. Ayesha Al Hammadi (appointed) Director/Board Member
and trading of polyolefins, respectively.
Auditors
Mr. Abdulaziz Al Hajri (resigned) Director/Board Member
Financial results
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi (resigned) Director/Board Member A resolution to reappoint Ernst and Young as auditors for the ensuing
year will be put to the shareholders at Annual General Meeting.
The financial results of the Group represent a profit for Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi (resigned) Director/Board Member
the year of USD 1,099.13 million (2024: USD 1,238.95 For the Board of Directors
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish (resigned) Director/Board Member
million) as presented in these audited consolidated
financial statements. Ms. Daniela Vlad (resigned) Director/Board Member Chairman

=== [AR2025.pdf p87] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 87
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment
of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit
procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our
Opinion audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“Borouge” or the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at Property, plant and equipment
31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to USD 6.1 billion
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
representing 72% of the Group’s total assets as of that date. This balance includes Capital Work‑in‑
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
Progress (CWIP) amounting to USD 228 million representing 297 capital projects in progress. During
information.
the year, capital work in progress amounting to USD 116 million was completed and transferred to the
respective categories of property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the Group’s
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
depreciation policy. Considering the magnitude of the amount and the risk surrounding it in terms of
the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and its consolidated financial performance
assessing the eligibility of costs capitalized during the year in line with IFRS requirements; this has been
and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as
identified as a key audit matter to be reported in our audit report.
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
The audit procedures performed to address this key audit matter include the following:
Basis for opinion
1. We reviewed the Group’s policies and procedures for capitalization of project costs and assessed their
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
compliance with the requirements of IFRS;
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
2. We tested the relevant controls over capitalization of project costs;
of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International 3. We performed substantive audit procedures over a sample of project costs capitalised to check
Independence Standards) (the “IESBA Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public adherence to the Group’s policies and procedures, and compliance with the requirements of IFRS.
interest entities, together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated This included management’s processes and controls around identification of project costs eligible for
financial statements in the United Arab Emirates, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in capitalization, staff cost capitalization, inventory items etc.;
accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
4. We held discussions with project managers for significant projects and inquired about their budgeted
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
and actual costs incurred to complete the project;
5. We have reviewed management assesment made relating to the change in useful life of different
Key audit matters
components of property, plant and equipment and we performed substantive procedures including
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
inquiries with management in relation to aforesaid change in estimate; and
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 6. For a sample of projects, we checked the date of project capitalization against supporting documents
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have fulfilled the responsibilities such as completion certificates received from contractors to verify that depreciation has been charged
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of from the capitalization date.
our report, including in relation to these matters.

=== [AR2025.pdf p88] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 88
Independent Auditor’s Report
(continued)
to the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
Other information Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Other information consists of the information included in the Board of Directors’ report and the annual Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
Board of Directors’ report prior to the date of our audit report and we expect to obtain the annual report report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
after the date of our auditor’s report. Management is responsible for the other information. that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. these consolidated financial statements.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
this regard. a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Responsibilities of management and the Board of Directors for the consolidated
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
financial statements
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
statements in accordance with IFRSs and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Company’s
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
Articles of Association and the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi Global Market, and for such
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. going concern.

=== [AR2025.pdf p89] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 89
Independent Auditor’s Report
(continued)
to the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
statements (continued)
Further, as required by the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM, we report that, in our opinion:
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
i. The consolidated financial statements include, in all material respects, the applicable requirements of
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM; and
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
ii. the financial information included in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the books of
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
account and records of the Group.
financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
Further, as required by the Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority Chairman Resolution No. 88 of 2021
and review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely
pertaining to Auditing the Financial Statements of Subject Entities, we report that based on the information
responsible for our audit opinion.
provided to us, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Company has not
complied, in all material respects, with the law of establishment of the Company and relevant provisions
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
of the applicable laws, resolutions and circulars organising the Company’s operations, which would
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
materially affect its activities or the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at
control that we identify during our audit.
31 December 2025.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
For and on behalf of Ernst & Young ‑ Middle East (ADGM Branch)
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, action taken
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we Walid Nakfour
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of 3 February 2026
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

=== [AR2025.pdf p90] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 90
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2025
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
Assets Cash flow hedge reserve 15 (6,002) (5,993)
Non-current assets Actuarial reserve 15 17,125 18,320
Property, plant and equipment 6 6,082,232 6,292,502 Translation reserve 15 (4,426) (7,741)
Intangible assets 7 104,573 60,643 Retained earnings 3,677,885 3,896,116
Right‑of‑use assets 8(a) 23,327 24,797 Equity attributable to the owners of the Company 4,088,850 4,462,726
Investment in sublease 8(b)&12(d) 135,697 135,789 Non‑controlling interests 26,832 19,337
Loans to employees 10(c) 21,905 20,509 Total equity 4,115,682 4,482,063
Deferred tax assets 13(c) 1,992 2,397 Non-current liabilities
Total non-current assets 6,369,726 6,536,637 Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 16 93,044 97,585
Current assets Lease liabilities 8(c) 156,652 158,082
Inventories 9 523,702 640,505 Deferred tax liability 13(c) 128,972 85,136
Amounts due from related parties 12(d) 293,251 209,937 Bank loans 17 - 2,944,100
Trade receivables 10(a) 808,237 858,768 Derivative financial instruments 30 - 5,993
Loans to employees 10(c) 13,245 13,454 Total non‑current liabilities 378,668 3,290,896
Investments in sublease 8(b)&12(d) 5,952 5,741 Current liabilities
Prepayments and other receivables 10(b) 48,090 23,917 Trade and other payables 18 378,200 356,660
Cash and cash equivalents 11 426,901 418,506 Bank loans 17 2,957,730 ‑
Total current assets 2,119,378 2,170,828 Derivative financial instruments 30 6,002 ‑
Total Assets 8,489,104 8,707,465 Amounts due to related parties 12(c) 576,502 520,260
Lease liabilities 8(c) 9,528 9,042
Equity and Liabilities Provisions for employees end of service benefits 16 12,293 1,235
Income tax payable 54,499 47,309
Equity
Total current liabilities 3,994,754 934,506
Share capital 14 4,809,231 4,809,231
Total liabilities 4,373,422 4,225,402
Merger reserve 15 (4,446,467) (4,446,467)
Total equity and liabilities 8,489,104 8,707,465
Treasury shares 31 (158,223) ‑
Other reserve 31 368 ‑
Restricted reserve 15 186,869 186,770 H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Jan-Martin Nufer
Capital reserve 15 12,490 12,490 Chairman Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
The attached notes 1 to 33 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2025.pdf p91] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 91
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive
Income for the year ended 31 December 2025
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
Revenue 19 5,847,773 6,026,123 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Cost of sales 20 (3,565,985) (3,490,989) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation 3,911 (2,675)
Gross profit 2,281,788 2,535,134 Fair value (loss) gain on derivatives used in effective cash 30 (9) 6,615
flow hedge relationship
Other income 22 26,321 53,951
Other comprehensive income for the year 4,467 4,303
General and administrative expenses 23 (196,577) (193,121)
Total comprehensive income for the year 1,103,597 1,243,251
Selling and distribution expenses 24 (416,028) (471,963)
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and 6 (1,441) (3,082)
intangible assets Shareholders of the Parent 1,093,042 1,229,948
Operating profit 1,694,063 1,920,919 Non‑controlling interests 10,555 13,303
Finance income 23,718 28,554 1,103,597 1,243,251
Finance costs 17.1 (175,924) (202,025) Earnings per share: 29 0.04 0.04
Basic and Diluted (USD)
Foreign exchange loss (2,013) (2,139)
Net finance loss (154,219) (175,610)
Profit for the year before tax 1,539,844 1,745,309
Income tax expense 13(a) (440,714) (506,361)
Profit for the year 1,099,130 1,238,948
Profit for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Parent 1,089,178 1,225,273
Non‑controlling interests 9,952 13,675
1,099,130 1,238,948
Other comprehensive income for the year
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent periods
Defined benefit plan remeasurements, net of tax 16 565 363
The attached notes 1 to 33 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2025.pdf p92] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 92
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year
Ended 31 December 2025
Equity
Cash flow attributable to Non‑
Treasury Other Merger Restricted Capital Actuarial hedge Translation Retained Owners of the controlling Total
Share capital shares reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings Company interests equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 4,809,231 ‑ ‑ (4,446,467) 186,486 12,490 17,993 (12,608) (5,474) 3,970,831 4,532,482 13,354 4,545,836
Profit for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 1,225,273 1,225,273 13,675 1,238,948
Other comprehensive income for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 327 6,615 (2,267) ‑ 4,675 (372) 4,303
Total comprehensive income for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 327 6,615 (2,267) 1,225,273 1,229,948 13,303 1,243,251
Movement during the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 284 ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (284) ‑ ‑ ‑
Dividend declared (note 15) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (1,299,704) (1,299,704) (7,320) (1,307,024)
Balance at 31 December 2024 4,809,231 ‑ ‑ (4,446,467) 186,770 12,490 18,320 (5,993) (7,741) 3,896,116 4,462,726 19,337 4,482,063
Balance at 1 January 2025 4,809,231 ‑ ‑ (4,446,467) 186,770 12,490 18,320 (5,993) (7,741) 3,896,116 4,462,726 19,337 4,482,063
Profit for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 1,089,178 1,089,178 9,952 1,099,130
Other comprehensive income for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 558 (9) 3,315 ‑ 3,864 603 4,467
Total comprehensive income for the year ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 558 (9) 3,315 1,089,178 1,093,042 10,555 1,103,597
Others ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (90) ‑ (1,753) ‑ ‑ 1,810 (33) (10) (43)
Dividends (note 12) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (1,309,030) (1,309,030) (3,050) (1,312,080)
Transfer to statutory reserve ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 189 ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (189) ‑ ‑ ‑
Own shares acquired in the period (note 31) ‑ (158,223) 368 ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (157,855) ‑ (157,855)
Balance at 31 December 2025 4,809,231 (158,223) 368 (4,446,467) 186,869 12,490 17,125 (6,002) (4,426) 3,677,885 4,088,850 26,832 4,115,682
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2025.pdf p93] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 93
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2025 2024 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Operating Activities Increase in trade and other payables 10,166 6,566
Increase in accruals 11,658 38,240
Profit for the year before tax 1,539,844 1,745,309
Increase in contract liabilities 53 1,212
Adjustments for:
Cash generated from operating activities 2,315,498 2,398,668
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 6 449,384 524,116
End of service benefits paid 16 (4,927) (8,004)
Impairment of property, plant and equipment 6 1,441 3,082
Tax paid (389,595) (477,512)
Depreciation on right‑of‑use assets 8(a) 3,609 4,786
Net cash generated from operating activities 1,920,976 1,913,152
Amortisation of intangible assets 7 23,321 23,748
Provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory 9 2,677 7,220 Investing Activities
Provision for (reversal of) expected credit losses on trade receivable 10a 811 (3,195) Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment 6 (275,687) (160,124)
Provision for expected credit losses on Proceeds from lease receivable, net 8(b) 5,551 6,349
prepayments and other receivable 10b - 169 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 13 ‑
Provision for (reversal of) expected credit losses on employee receivables 10c 752 ‑ Payments for purchase of intangible assets (32,546) (7,259)
Loss on modification of lease liability 16 650 Interest income received 17,939 23,170
Gain on disposal of plant, property and equipment (13) ‑ Net cash used in investing activities (284,730) (137,864)
End of service benefits charge 16 7,484 8,310 Financing Activities
Provision for other retirement benefit - ‑ Repayment of lease liabilities (9,808) (8,904)
Unrealised foreign exchange (gain) loss (294) 396 Repayments of borrowings 17 - (200,000)
Finance costs 175,924 206,870 Proceeds from receivables discounting agreement 17 10,680 ‑
Finance income (23,718) (28,554) Payment of dividends 12(b) (1,312,080) (1,307,024)
Net cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 2,181,238 2,492,907 Purchase of Treasury shares 31 (157,855) ‑
Changes in working capital: Payment of interest on bank loan (161,769) (191,839)
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables 48,518 (60,051) Net cash used in financing activities (1,630,832) (1,707,767)
Increase in amounts due from related parties (81,648) (29,826) Changes in translation reserve 2,981 (2,936)
Decrease / (increase) in inventories 114,501 (2,787) Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 8,395 64,585
Increase in prepayments and other receivables (23,603) (2,246) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 418,506 353,921
Increase / (decrease) in amounts due to related parties 54,615 (45,347) Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 11 426,901 418,506
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

=== [AR2025.pdf p94] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 94
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
31 December 2025
1. Legal Status and Principal Activities 2. Basis of Preparation
Borouge PLC (the “Company”) was incorporated on 28 April 2022 as a public company limited by shares, 2.1 Statement of compliance
with registration number 000007602, pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market Companies Regulations
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
2020. The Company has been established for the purpose of serving as a holding company for Abu Dhabi
Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the applicable
Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge)‑Sole Proprietorship LLC and Borouge Pte. Ltd. The Company together with
provisions of the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi Global Market.
its subsidiaries is referred to as the “Group”.
2.2 Basis of measurement
The Company is jointly controlled by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) and Borealis Middle
East Holding GmbH (“BMEH”, together with ADNOC, the “Shareholders”). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
derivative financial instruments which are carried at fair value. Historical cost is generally based on the fair
During the year, ADNOC and OMV announced the agreement of terms on a binding framework agreement value of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services.
for the proposed combination of Borouge PLC and Borealis into Borouge Group International (BGI). Upon
merging, BGI will acquire Nova Chemicals, a leading North America‑based polyethylene producer for US$ Fair value is the price that would be received on sale of an asset or paid on transfer of a liability in an
13.4 billion expanding global reach and access to growth markets. orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price
is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
Under the terms of the agreement, ADNOC and OMV will hold equal stakes of 46.94% in BGI, with joint
control and equal partnership, with the remaining 6.12% in free float. This is subject to Securities and The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer
Commodities Authority (SCA) approval and assuming all existing Borouge free float shareholders accept the liability takes place either:
to exchange their existing shares in Borouge into shares in BGI.
• In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
• In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
As announced on 11 September 2025, upon receipt of regulatory approvals and the successful completion
of the proposed transactions that involve the planned combination of Borouge plc and Borealis AG
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
(Borealis) into a new entity to be named Borouge Group International, with BGI to acquire NOVA
Chemicals Inc. (Nova), ADNOC’s entire stake in BGI will be transferred to and held by XRG.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
The above restructuring including the reorganization of Borouge PLC is expected to be implemented
In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics
in 2026.
of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders dated 10 May 2022, the shareholders approved listing the
these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis.
Company’s shares on Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange whereby 10% of its shares were offered in an Initial
Public Offering (“IPO”). As of the reporting date, ADNOC held 54% and BMEH held 36% of the issued
share capital of the Group while the remaining 10% is held by the general public.

=== [AR2025.pdf p95] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
2. Basis of Preparation (continued) In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgements in
applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in these
2.2 Basis of measurement (continued) consolidated financial statements, is included in note 5.
For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on
the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the 2.5 New and amended standards that are effective for the current year
inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which is described as follows:
In the current year, the Group has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued
• Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an accounting
entity can access at the measurement date; period that begins on or after 1 January 2025. Their adoption has not had any material impact on the
disclosures or on the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements.
• Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
Lack of exchangeability ‑ Amendments to IAS 21
• Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are derived from
valuation techniques. The amendments to IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates specify how an entity
should assess whether a currency is exchangeable and how it should determine a spot exchange rate
when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments also require disclosure of information that enables users
2.3 Functional and presentation currency
of its financial statements to understand how the currency not being exchangeable into the other currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars (“USD”), which is the Company’s
affects, or is expected to affect, the entity’s financial performance, financial position and cash flows.
functional currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025. When
applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information.
2.4 Use of judgements and estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to The amendments did not have a material impact on the Group’s financial statements.
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The judgments, estimates and associated 2.6 Climate related matters
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant,
The Group considers climate‑related matters in estimates and assumptions, where appropriate. This
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The
assessment includes a wide range of possible impacts on the Group due to both physical and transition
Group based its judgements, assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the consolidated
risks. Even though the Group believes its business model and products will still be viable after the
financial statements were prepared. However, the resulting accounting estimates may differ from actual
transition to a low‑carbon economy, climate‑related matters increase the uncertainty in estimates
results. The estimates and assumptions pose a risk of causing adjustment to the carrying amounts of
and assumptions underpinning several items in the consolidated financial statements. Even though
assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
climate‑related risks might not currently have a significant impact on measurement, the Group is closely
monitoring relevant changes and developments, such as new climate‑related legislation.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future
The Group’s Borouge 2030 (B2030) Strategy aims to proactively steer the business ambitions in response
periods affected.
to the changing business environment. The B2030 Strategy works to ensure the continued growth of the
Group through the pursuit of excellence and create a Borouge identity.

=== [AR2025.pdf p96] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 96
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
2. Basis of Preparation (continued) In evaluating the going concern basis, management assessed the Group’s liquidity position, the terms and
maturity profile of existing borrowings, the availability of refinancing options, and the continued financial
2.7 New and amended standards issued but not yet effective backing of its shareholders. Management concluded that the Group will have access to sufficient financial
resources to meet its obligations as they fall due, and accordingly the consolidated financial statements
The new and amended standards and interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date
have been prepared on a going concern basis.
of issuance of the Group’s consolidated financial statements are disclosed below. The Group intends to
adopt these new and amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective.
• Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments ‑ Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
3. Material Accounting Policy Information
• IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
Basis of consolidation
• IFRS 19 ‑ Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and entities
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards—Volume 11
controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights,
• Contracts Referencing Nature‑dependent Electricity – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through
its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:
2.8 Going concern • Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, reasonable of the investee)
expectation that the Group will continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future as its
• Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
subsidiaries have a history of profitable operations and the Group has ready access to financial
• The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
resources. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
consolidated financial statements.
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Group has
less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by approximately
the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee
USD 1.876 billion, primarily due to the classification of a loan maturing on 31 December 2026 as a current
unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the
liability at the reporting date.
Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:
Further to the restructuring explained in note 1, on 4 March 2025, the Group’s major shareholders— • the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
ADNOC and OMV – announced they had entered into a binding agreement to form a new jointly controlled other vote holders;
entity. This planned transaction involves combining the Group with Borealis under a newly established
• potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
joint venture, expected to be named Borouge Group International AG (BGI), which will serve as ADNOC
and OMV’s strategic platform for growth and acquisitions in the polyolefins sector. To support this initiative, • rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
the shareholders have secured AED 56.6 billion (USD 15.4 billion) in financing from global banks for BGI.
• any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
A substantial portion of this facility will fund the acquisition of Nova Chemicals, while part of the proceeds
ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting
is intended to refinance the Group’s existing loan upon its maturity.
patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

=== [AR2025.pdf p97] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including
goodwill), less liabilities of the subsidiary and any non‑controlling interests. All amounts previously
Basis of consolidation (continued) recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group
had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
or transferred to another category of equity as required/permitted by applicable IFRS). The fair value of
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when
any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair
the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 when applicable, or the cost on initial
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the period are
recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.
included in consolidated financial statements from the date when the Group gains control until the date
when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
Business combinations
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to equity holders of
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is
the Company and to the non‑controlling interests, even if this results in the non‑controlling interest having
measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair
a deficit balance. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries
value, and the amount of any non‑controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business combination,
to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group accounting policies. All intra‑group assets and
the Group elects whether to measure the non‑controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition‑related costs are expensed as
Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
incurred and included in general and administrative expenses.
Non‑controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity therein. Those
Transactions under common control
interests of non‑controlling shareholders that are present ownership interests entitling their holders to a
proportionate share of net assets upon liquidation may initially be measured at fair value or at the non‑ A business combination involving entities or business under common control is a business combination in
controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both
choice of measurement is made on an acquisition‑by‑acquisition basis. Other non‑controlling interests are before and after the combination and that control is not transitory.
initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non‑controlling interests
is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non‑controlling interests’ share of subsequent Transactions giving rise to transfer of interests in entities, which are under the common control of the
changes in equity. Shareholders, are accounted for using the pooling of interest method without restatement of comparative
information. The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary without a loss of control, is accounted for as equity previously in the books of the transferor entity. The components of equity of the acquired entities are
transaction. The carrying amount of the Group’s interests and the non‑controlling interests are adjusted added to the same components within Group equity. Any difference between the consideration paid and
to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by capital of the acquiree is recognised directly in equity.
which the non‑controlling interest are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is
recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company. Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal recognised in profit or loss
position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received

=== [AR2025.pdf p98] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 98
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables, investment in
Financial instruments (continued) sublease, other receivables and amounts due from related parties. The amount of expected credit losses
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial instrument.
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, investment in sublease, other receivables and
costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through amounts due from related parties. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated
profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as
the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.
Financial assets
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not
basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
instrument at an amount equal to 12‑month ECL.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it
The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal
likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument
being credit‑impaired at the reporting date.
level. The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12‑month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL
that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair
after the reporting date.
value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.
i. Significant increase in credit risk
Amortised cost
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information
any loss allowance. that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward‑looking information that is
available without undue cost or effort.

=== [AR2025.pdf p99] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) iii. Credit-impaired financial assets
Financial assets (continued) A financial asset is credit‑impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit‑
Impairment of financial assets (continued)
impaired includes observable data about the following events:
i. Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
a. significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
b. a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above);
is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
c. the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
debtor will default on the contract.
otherwise consider;
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a d. it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
e. the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
Write-off policy
The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date.
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:
a. the financial instrument has a low risk of default;
iv. Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses
b. the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
c. adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward‑looking information as
ii. Definition of default described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount
The Group employs models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of probability of default drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in the
(“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future
default rates and changes in key macro‑economic factors across various geographies of the Group. financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward‑looking information.
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash
flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group
expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.

=== [AR2025.pdf p100] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
Financial assets (continued) loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective
Write-off policy (continued) hedge, as appropriate.
iv. Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses (continued)
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and
The Group has elected the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure loss allowance for cash and bank
other payables, lease liabilities, bank loans, contract liabilities, amounts due to related parties, derivative
balances, trade receivables, investment in sublease and amounts due from related parties at an amount
financial instruments and other payables.
equal to lifetime ECLs. Accordingly, financial assets which are not credit impaired and which do not have
significant financing component are categorised under stage 2 and lifetime ECL is recognised.
All financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method or
at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
Expected credit losses related to cash and bank balances, trade and other receivables, investment in
sublease and amounts due from related parties are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair
Derecognition of financial assets value recognised in profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liability.
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value
expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in
the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch with profit or loss. The
the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all
remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair
the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the
value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income
financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon
derecognition of the financial liability.
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.
In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at fair value through other
Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost
comprehensive income (FVTOCI), the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment’s
Financial liabilities that are not designated as FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using
revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity
the effective interest method.
instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain
or loss previously accumulated in the investments’ revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss,
but is transferred to retained earnings.

=== [AR2025.pdf p101] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Financial assets (continued)
Write-off policy (continued) Specifically, the standard introduces a 5‑step approach to revenue recognition:
iv. Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses (continued) • Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
• Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost (continued)
• Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly • Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
• Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.
Under IFRS 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
Offsetting The Group is in the business of sale of high‑density Polyethylene, linear low‑density Polyethylene,
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement Polypropylene, Ethylene, polyolefin and other compounded products.
of financial position if, and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised
amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group
liabilities simultaneously. satisfies a performance obligation (“PO”) by transferring control of a promised good or service to the customer.
The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.
The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative stand‑ alone
Derecognition of financial liabilities
selling prices of the promised goods or services. The individual standalone selling price of a good or
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
service that has not previously been sold on a stand‑alone basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is
cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the transaction price to
derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.
goods and/or services with observable stand‑alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is
allocated to one or more, but not all, of the PO if it relates specifically to those POs.
Cash and cash equivalents
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, short‑term deposits held with banks, other short‑term
entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services. The transaction price may be fixed or
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing component.
Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group does not receive
Revenue recognition
a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration is variable, the estimated amount
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of the
IFRS 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
from contracts with customers. The core principle of IFRS 15 is that an entity should recognise revenue to

=== [AR2025.pdf p102] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 102
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Significant payment terms Invoices are issued upon goods delivery. The Group provides credit terms of between 30
to 90 days to their customers which are common market credit terms. In cases where, the
Revenue recognition (continued) Group received cash paid in advance of goods delivered and to the extent that they remain
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued) undelivered as at reporting date, the Group defers recognition of revenue and recognise such
amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position as “Contract liabilities”.
Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the PO.
If a PO is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion reflecting the Obligations for returns and Sales returns
refunds, if any
progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO. Customers have the right to return the goods to the Group within 14 days if the products are
found defective or do not conform with requirements. For contracts that permit the customer to
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods delivered to the customer and is recognised when all return an item, revenue is recognised to the extent that revenue recognised will not be reversed.
criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated
based on past sales returns data. The Group will also recognise the related assets for the
The following table provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance rights to recover the returned goods as inventories based on the previous carrying amounts of
obligations in revenue contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related the goods plus expected recovery costs.
revenue recognition policies:
Volume rebate
Nature of goods or services The Group generates revenue from sales of polyolefin and compounded products. Volume rebates are given to certain customers based on fulfilment of contractually agreed
sales targets over a period of time. Such rebates are accounted for as a variable consideration
When revenue is recognised Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of
and is adjusted against revenue.
goods and the insurance and freight service, based on their stand‑alone selling price. For
sales transactions with delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance and Freight and Cost The rebate amount is estimated based on the most likely outcome method and is recognised
and Freight), the Company has additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight when the probability of paying the sales rebates to the customers is high. The Group reviews
services subsequent to the transfer of the goods to the customer. its estimate of expected rebate at each reporting date based on the sales to customers,
contingent on a future event occurring or not occurring, and recognise the rebate as a
Management assessed the Company’s performance obligations are as follows: reduction of the revenue.
A. Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are Other income
transferred to the customers based on trade terms and all criteria for acceptance have
Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefit will flow to the Group and the
been satisfied.
amount of income can be measured reliably.
The total transaction price is allocated to a single performance obligation as observable
stand alone selling prices for freight and insurance are not available. Revenue is therefore
Property, plant and equipment
recognised at a point in time, upon satisfaction of the combined performance obligation when
control transfers at the delivery destination. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
of the assets.

=== [AR2025.pdf p103] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) • Obsolescence: Resulting from technological advancements, changes in production methods, or shifts
in market demand, which may diminish the asset’s value or utility.
Property, plant and equipment (continued)
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, Change in estimate – useful life of property, plant and equipment:
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the asset will
In line with the Group policy, during the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has reassessed the
flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Capital work in progress is
estimated useful life of some of its Plant, Machinery and related Buildings assets. The overview reflects
carried at cost less any recognised impairment loss. When commissioned, capital work in progress
the updated expectation about the pattern of economic benefits and maintenance practices resulting in a
is transferred to the appropriate property, plant and equipment category and is depreciated in
decrease in depreciation charge and increase in profit before tax for the year of USD 90,335 thousand.
accordance with the Group’s policies.
The Group revisits its estimates annually as per its policy, and in light of the comprehensive asset lifetime
extension initiated by technical steering committee, the estimated useful lives of such plants and related
Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost less estimated residual values of property, plant and
buildings have increased by up to an additional 10 years.
equipment, other than capital work in progress, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight‑line
method. The useful lives and residual values of the property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Based on the carrying amount of the affected assets at 31 December 2025 and assuming no further
are based on management’s judgment of the historical pattern of useful lives and the general standards
additions, disposals or changes in estimates, the change in useful lives is expected to decrease
applied within the industry.
depreciation expense (and therefore increase profit before tax) by approximately USD 179,198 thousand
in 2026. The effect on periods thereafter is not disclosed because it is impracticable to estimate this
The plant performs regular major inspections and overhauls, i.e. turnarounds. When each major
reliably over the remaining useful lives.
turnaround is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the item of property, plant and
equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Other plant turnaround costs are
The estimated useful lives of the Group’s Property, Plant and Equipment is applied prospectively, in
expensed as incurred. The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant
accordance with IAS 8, from 1 July 2025, as follows:
and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of
the asset and is recognised in profit or loss. Buildings 15 ‑ 40 years
Plant and machinery 8 ‑ 35 years
As per IAS 16, paragraph 51, the residual value and the useful life of an asset shall be reviewed at least
at each financial year end and, if expectations differ from previous estimates, the change(s) shall be
accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate in accordance with IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
The estimated useful lives of the Group’s remaining Property, Plant and Equipment where there is no
Financial Statements.
change in useful life is as follows:
The useful life of an asset is primarily determined by the extent to which its economic benefits are expected
Motor vehicles 4 ‑ 10 years
to be consumed through use. However, some factors contribute to the reduction of these benefits, including:
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 ‑ 4 years
• Expected Usage: Based on the asset’s anticipated capacity or output.
• Physical Deterioration: Influenced by operational intensity, maintenance practices, and conditions
during idle periods.

=== [AR2025.pdf p104] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 104
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Impairment of non‑financial assets other than goodwill
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non‑financial assets to
Borrowing costs
determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or impairment loss, if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.
intended use or sale.
Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also
Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure allocated to individual cash generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash
on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value
Intangible assets in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre‑tax discount rate
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for
Intangible assets acquired are recorded at cost and are amortised on a straight‑line basis over their
which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
estimated useful lives as follows:
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
Computer software 3 ‑ 5 years
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
Cracker rights 10 years
An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
License costs 10 years
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating
Others 4 years
unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
License costs represent irrevocable exclusive and non‑exclusive rights and licenses granted by Borealis to
been recognised for the asset (or cash generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
the Group for use of Borealis’s proprietary catalyst, process design, patent rights and technical information
recognised immediately in profit or loss.
in order to design, construct, maintain and operate the Ruwais plant, as well as use and sell Polyethylene
(“PE”) resins manufactured in the plant.
Leases
Inventories The Group as a lessee
Inventories (excluding spare parts) are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates
determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices.
comprises raw materials, consumables, spare parts, direct labour and materials and related overheads However, for the leases of property, the Group has elected not to separate non‑ lease components and
(based on normal operating capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary account for the lease and non‑lease components as a single lease component.
course of business, less estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Spare parts
under the inventory are carried at cost less provision for obsolete and slow‑moving items.

=== [AR2025.pdf p105] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) The Group as a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
Leases (continued) an operating lease.
The Group as a lessee (continued)
To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially
Leases are recognised as a right‑of‑use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease
asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers
cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant
certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.
periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right‑of‑use asset
is depreciated over the earlier of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight‑line basis. The
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub‑lease
estimated useful lives of the assets is as follows:
separately. It assesses the lease classification of a sub‑lease with reference to the right‑ of‑use asset arising
from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short‑term lease to which
Land lease 35 ‑ 50 years
the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub‑lease as an operating lease.
Transportation, storage, and terminals 4 years
Investment in sub‑lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub‑lease of
Buildings and infrastructure 3 to 9 years a plot of land to a related party, Borouge 4.
Fixture, fittings, and office equipment 3 years
Interest income
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective
include the net present value of fixed payments (including in‑substance fixed payments), less any lease
interest rate applicable.
incentives receivable.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be Taxation
determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to Value added tax (VAT)
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of VAT, except:
with similar terms and conditions.
• When VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority,
Right‑of‑use assets are measured at cost comprising the following: in which case, VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense
• the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability item, as applicable
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives • When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included
received; and The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of
• restoration costs. receivables or payables in the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑ value
assets and short‑term leases. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as
an expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.

=== [AR2025.pdf p106] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 106
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset for financial reporting purposes when they relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authorities.
Taxation (continued)
International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
Current income tax
The amendments to IAS 12 have been introduced in response to the OECD’s BEPS Pillar Two rules
The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Estimates are required in determining
and include:
the group‑wide provision for income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the
ultimate tax position is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises provisions • A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. jurisdictional implementation of the Pillar Two model rules; and
• Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand
Income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be
an entity’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes arising from that legislation, particularly before its
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount
effective date.
are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Group
operates and generates taxable income.
The mandatory temporary exception – the use of which is required to be disclosed – applies immediately.
The remaining disclosure requirements apply for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January
The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which
2023, but not for any interim periods ending on or before 31 December 2024.
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions the Group
Deferred tax
operates. The legislation will be effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2025. The
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying Group is in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation and has performed an assessment
amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases of the Group’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The assessment of the potential exposure to
used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country‑by‑country reporting and financial
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax statements for the constituent entities in the Group. Based on the assessment, the Pillar Two effective
assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which tax rates in most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are above 15%. However, there are a
deductible temporary differences can be utilised. limited jurisdictions where the legislation has not been enacted or substantively enacted. The Group is
continuing to assess the exposure to the Pillar Two legislation in enacted jurisdictions and creates top‑tax
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to tax provisions as necessary.
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
the asset to be recovered. IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax
assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the liability is Two Model Rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co‑operating and Development (the “Pillar
settled or the asset is realised. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the consolidated statement of profit Two legislation”). It is unclear if the Pillar Two Model Rules create additional temporary differences with
or loss and other comprehensive income. regards to deferred tax remeasurement and the Group has applied the temporary exception as at 31
December 2025.

=== [AR2025.pdf p107] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) The provision for EOSB is calculated by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method whilst
considering the Group’s policy with respect to end of service benefits where it requires the provision to be
at least equal to the benefits payable in accordance with the UAE Labour law for their period of service up
Corporate tax
to the end of the reporting period.
On 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance released Federal Decree‑Law No. 47 of 2022 on the
Taxation of Corporations and Businesses (Corporate Tax Law or the Law) to enact a Federal corporate
The provision relating to EOSB is disclosed as a non‑current liability.
tax (CT) regime in the UAE. The CT regime has become effective for accounting periods beginning on
or after 1 June 2023. The Cabinet of Ministers Decision No. 116 of 2022 (widely accepted to be effective
Re‑measurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses are
from 16 January 2023) specified the threshold of taxable income to which the 0% UAE CT rate would
recognised immediately in other comprehensive income. Re‑measurements are not reclassified to
apply, and above which the 9% UAE CT rate would apply. It is widely considered that this would constitute
the consolidated statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods. The liability is calculated as the
‘substantive enactment’ of the UAE CT Law for the purposes of IAS 12, the objective of which is to
current value of the vested benefits to which the employee is entitled, should the employee leave at the
prescribe the basis for accounting for Income Taxes.
consolidated statement of financial position date. Payments are based on employees’ final salaries and
allowances and their cumulative years of service, as stated in the UAE Labour law.
Current taxes should be measured at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax
authorities by reference to tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted, by the
Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the
end of the any reporting period. Since the Group is expected to pay tax in accordance with the provision
consolidated statement of profit or loss.
of the UAE CT Law on its operational results with effect from 1 January 2024, current taxes have been
accounted for in the consolidated financial statements for the period beginning from 1 January 2025.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined EOSB
As per IAS12 (Income taxes), any change in tax laws should be recognised in the consolidated financial
obligation. The Group recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the
statements in the period in which the enactment occurs (i.e., FY24) and therefore the tax implications
consolidated statement of profit or loss within personnel costs:
(current and/or deferred) were assessed and recorded accordingly (Note 13).
• Service costs comprising current service costs, past‑service costs, gains and losses on curtailments
and non‑routine settlements.
Employees’ benefit
i. Short term obligation • Net interest expense or income
An accrual is made for the estimated liability for employees’ entitlement to annual leave and leave
passage as a result of services rendered by eligible employees up to the end of the reporting period. The iii. Pension contributions
accrual relating to annual leave and leave passage is disclosed as a current liability in the consolidated
With respect to its UAE national employees, the Group makes pension contributions to the Abu Dhabi
statement of financial position.
Retirement Pensions and Benefits Funds in accordance with the Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and
Benefits Fund’s regulations. With respect to its GCC national employees, the Group makes pension
ii. Employees’ end of service benefits (EOSB)
contributions to the pension funds or agencies of their respective countries. Such contributions are
charged to operating costs during the employees’ period of service.
The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the defined end of
service benefit plan is the present value of the projected defined benefit obligation (“DBO”) at the end of
the reporting period.

=== [AR2025.pdf p108] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 108
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which
case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if
any, are classified as equity and transferred to the foreign currency translation reserve. Such exchange
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
differences are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.
Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
Provisions
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of exchange at the reporting date.
past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the
amount can be reliably estimated.
Current versus non‑current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on
Foreign currency transactions
current/non‑current classification. An asset as current when it is:
Foreign currency transactions are translated at the rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions.
At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at • Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
the rates prevailing at that date. Non‑monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
• Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
• Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period, or
Non‑monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non‑monetary items measured at fair • Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least
value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is twelve months after the reporting period.
determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non‑monetary items measured at fair value is treated
in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation All other assets are classified as non‑current.
differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised
in OCI or profit or loss, respectively). A liability is current when:
• It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
(or part of it) on the derecognition of a non‑monetary asset or non‑monetary liability relating to advance • It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
consideration, the date of the transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non
• It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or
monetary asset or non‑monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple
payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt • There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the
of advance consideration. reporting period.
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non‑current.
Group companies
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into USD at the rate of
exchange prevailing at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average

=== [AR2025.pdf p109] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
3. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued) Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for and further described
in the below sections. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement
relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
Derivative financial instruments
remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the
The Group enters into derivative financial instrument contracts to manage its exposure to interest rate.
hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
Derivatives are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date.
The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in OCI in the cash flow
hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.
A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative with a
The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging
negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. Derivatives are not offset in the consolidated
instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.
financial statements unless the Group has both legal right and intention to offset. A derivative is presented
as a non‑current asset or a non‑current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than 12
months and it is not expected to be realised or settled within 12 months. Cash flow hedges
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments
that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income
Hedge accounting
and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is
relationship to which it wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy
recognised immediately in profit or loss and is included in the ‘finance cost’ line item.
for undertaking the hedge.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised,
The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the
or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging
risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
instrument recognised in equity is retained in the Group’s consolidated statement of changes in equity until
effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge
the forecasted transaction occurs or the original hedged item affects the Group’s consolidated statement
ratio is determined).
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. If a forecast hedged transaction is no longer expected to
occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of changes in equity
A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following effectiveness
is reclassified to the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
requirements:
• There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.
• The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic
relationship.
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group
actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

=== [AR2025.pdf p110] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
4. Group Information Critical judgements
Segment information
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
For management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products and
Ownership Parent Country of services and management has concluded that it has only one reportable segment. The Group is managed
Name of subsidiary interest Company incorporation Principal activities
as a single business unit and the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting provided to the
Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd 100% PLC U.A.E Production of ethylene, Chief Operating Decision‑maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating
(Borouge) ‑ Sole Proprietorship propylene, polyethylene resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that
L.L.C (“ADP”) and polypropylene
makes strategic decisions. The financial information reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS
Borouge Pte Ltd (“PTE”) 84.746% PLC Singapore Trading of polyolefins compliant financial information for the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its business unit
Borouge (India) Pvt Ltd 100% PTE India Marketing and support services separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.
The Group measures its revenue at the fair value of consideration received or receivable, taking into
Borouge Compounding Holding PTE 100% PTE Singapore Investment Holding
account contractually defined terms of payment and excluding taxes or duty, as the Group has determined
Ltd (“PTECOM”)
that it is acting as principal in the transactions. The determination of whether the Group is principal or
Borouge Compounding (Shanghai) 100% PTECOM People’s Republic Trading polyolefins products
agent requires judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates whether it controls each
Co. Ltd of China
specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to the customer.
Borouge Sales and Marketing 100% PTE People’s Republic Marketing and support services
(Shanghai) Co. Ltd of China
Asset retirement obligation
Borouge Egypt LLC 100% PTE Arab Marketing and support services
Republic Egypt The Group exercises judgement in evaluating whether an arrangement contains a legal or constructive
Borouge Kenya Ltd 100% PTE Kenya Marketing and support services obligation to remove the plant and equipment and restore the land at the end of the contractual
arrangement or end of useful life of the Group’s plant and equipment constructed and installed on land
Borouge Korea Co. Ltd 100% PTE South Korea Trading of polyolefins products
leased from government related entities. The management has concluded it does not have any legal or
and sales and marketing support
constructive obligation relating to decommissioning activity.
5. Critical Judgements and Key Sources of
Functional currency
Estimation Uncertainty
Management considers USD to be the currency that most faithfully represents the economic effect of the
underlying transactions, events and conditions. USD is the currency in which the Group measures its
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the
performance and reports its results.
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause
the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are
reflected in the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably determinable. Judgments
and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

=== [AR2025.pdf p111] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
5. Critical Judgements and Key Sources of the Group ‘would have to pay’, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when
they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR
Estimation Uncertainty (continued)
using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain
entity‑specific estimates (such as the Company’s stand‑alone credit rating).
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Contingencies
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, By their nature, contingencies will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
plant and equipment and the intangible assets based on the historical pattern of useful lives and general The assessment of contingencies inherently involves the exercise of significant judgement and estimate
standards in the industry. The useful lives and residual values are reviewed for reasonableness by of the outcome of future events. The Group receives claims from its customers and suppliers as part of its
management on an annual basis. ongoing business and records a provision based on assessment of reliability and probability of the outflow
of economic resources (note 25).
Useful lives of right-of-use assets
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of its right‑of‑ use assets for calculating Income tax and deferred tax assets
depreciation. The cost of right‑of‑use assets are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets, The amount of income tax payable is subject to adjustment pending final agreement on all items of
which is based on the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group revenue, costs and expenses for the period ended 31 December 2025 between the Group and the
reviews the estimated useful lives of right‑of‑use assets at the end of each annual reporting period. Any representatives of Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs (“SCFAEA”). Management
change in the lease term or pattern of consumption of these assets are adjusted prospectively. believes that the finalisation of the discussion will not have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.
Assessment of indicators of impairment of non‑financial assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised against differences between tax basis and accounting basis of
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is objective evidence that its non‑ financial
recording for depreciation on property, plant and equipment, amortisation of intangible assets, amortisation
assets are impaired. The Group’s non‑financial assets primarily comprise property, plant and equipment,
of right‑of‑use asset and end of service benefits to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
right‑of‑use assets and intangible assets. To determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment,
available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. Significant management judgment is
the Group considers factors such as operating economic conditions, industry developments and other
required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely
factors which could affect the carrying value of these assets. An impairment exists when carrying value of
timing and level of future taxable profits (note 13).
an asset or cash‑generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less
costs to sell and its value‑in‑use. During the current year, impairment expense amounting to USD 1,441
thousand (2024: USD 3,082 thousand) was recorded in relation to property, plant and equipment and USD Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties and trade
nil (2024: USD nil) in relation to intangible assets. and other receivables
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for amounts due from related
Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate parties and trade other receivables. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The assessment of the correlation between
to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The
a similar value to the right‑of‑use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions.

=== [AR2025.pdf p112] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 112
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
5. Critical Judgements and Key Sources of 6. Property, Plant and Equipment
Estimation Uncertainty (continued)
Furniture, Capital
Plant and Motor fixtures and work‑in‑
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued) Buildings machinery vehicles equipment progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties and trade
and other receivables (continued) 2025
The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be Cost:
representative of customer’s actual default in the future. At every reporting date, the historical observed Balance at 1 January 2025 716,770 12,751,222 14,093 194,204 257,273 13,933,562
default rates are updated and changes in the forward‑looking estimates are analysed. Additions 22 87,312 ‑ 1,823 186,530 275,687
Disposals ‑ (90) ‑ (9,077) ‑ (9,167)
An estimate of the collectible amount of due from related parties and trade and other receivables is
Write off ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (1,078) (1,078)
made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. For individually significant amounts, this
Transfers from capital work in progress 704 105,493 ‑ 9,989 (116,186) ‑
estimation is performed on an individual basis. As at 31 December 2025, gross trade receivable, other
receivables and amounts due from related parties were USD 811,680 thousand (2024: USD 859,914 Transfers to intangibles (note 7) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (36,198) (36,198)
thousand), USD 29,612 thousand (2024: USD 20,435 thousand) and USD 293,251 thousand (2024: USD Exchange differences 769 1,876 ‑ 1,309 35 3,989
209,937 thousand) with provision for expected credit losses of USD 3,433 thousand (2024: USD 1,146
At 31 December 2025 718,265 12,945,813 14,093 198,248 290,376 14,166,795
thousand), USD nil (2024: USD 2,857 thousand) and USD nil (2024: USD nil) respectively. Any difference
Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected to be received will be
Balance at 1 January 2025 366,869 7,084,935 13,562 173,850 1,844 7,641,060
recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Impairment ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 363 363
Depreciation 20,714 419,235 136 9,299 ‑ 449,384
Impairment of inventories
Disposals ‑ (90) ‑ (9,077) ‑ (9,167)
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or
obsolete, an estimate is made of their net realisable value. For individually significant amounts this Exchange differences 364 1,343 3 1,214 (1) 2,923
estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually significant, but which At 31 December 2025 387,947 7,505,423 13,701 175,286 2,206 8,084,563
are old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type Net book value:
and the degree of ageing or obsolescence, based on historical selling prices. As at 31 December 2025,
At 31 December 2025 330,318 5,440,390 392 22,962 288,170 6,082,232
gross inventory was USD 586,491 thousand (2024: USD 700,617 thousand). As at 31 December 2025,
a provision of USD 62,789 thousand (2024: USD 60,112 thousand) on inventories has been recorded.
Any difference between the amounts actually realised in future periods and the amounts expected to be
realised will be recognised in the profit or loss (note 9).

=== [AR2025.pdf p113] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
6. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued) The depreciation charge for the year is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory
as follows:
Furniture, Capital
2025 2024
Plant and Motor fixtures and work‑in‑
USD’000 USD’000
Buildings machinery vehicles equipment progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Cost of sales (note 20) 408,732 456,370
2024 Depreciation included in unsold inventory 36,611 64,438
Cost: General and administrative expenses (note 23) 4,040 3,307
Balance at 1 January 2024 720,196 12,693,872 14,093 184,005 207,842 13,820,008 Selling and distribution expenses (note 24) 1 1
Additions ‑ 315 ‑ 191 159,618 160,124 449,384 524,116
Disposals (5,062) (14,249) ‑ (3,817) (4,449) (27,577)
Transfers from capital work in progress 2,168 72,355 ‑ 14,150 (88,673) ‑
Transfers to intangibles (note 7) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (17,019) (17,019)
Exchange differences (532) (1,071) ‑ (325) (46) (1,974)
At 31 December 2024 716,770 12,751,222 14,093 194,204 257,273 13,933,562
Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
Balance at 1 January 2024 346,093 6,609,624 13,375 170,177 3,384 7,142,653
Impairment (370) 543 ‑ ‑ 2,909 3,082
Depreciation 26,444 489,722 190 7,760 ‑ 524,116
Disposals (5,062) (14,249) ‑ (3,817) (4,449) (27,577)
Exchange differences (236) (705) (3) (270) ‑ (1,214)
At 31 December 2024 366,869 7,084,935 13,562 173,850 1,844 7,641,060
Net book value:
At 31 December 2024 349,901 5,666,287 531 20,354 255,429 6,292,502
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are
constructed, was granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, expect for the Borouge 4‑Plant
Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On
the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where
rent will be payable on land for the Innovation Centre Site.

=== [AR2025.pdf p114] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 114
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
7. Intangible Assets Computer Cracker Licence Capital work
software rights costs in progress Others Total
License and Capital USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Computer patent Development work in 2024
software costs Others costs progress Total
Cost:
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 114,008 11,305 31,255 7,423 181,171 345,162
2025
Additions 953 ‑ ‑ 6,306 ‑ 7,259
Cost:
Disposals (1,030) ‑ (15,050) ‑ (129) (16,209)
Balance at 1 January 2025 125,135 28,202 187,082 - 12,768 353,187
Transfers 959 ‑ ‑ (959) ‑ ‑
Reclassification 29,697 144,721 (185,038) 10,276 344 ‑
Transfers from property, plant, and 10,289 ‑ 691 ‑ 6,039 17,019
Additions 903 47 ‑ 62 30,023 31,035
equipment (note 6)
Disposals (515) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (515)
Exchange differences (44) ‑ 1 (2) 1 (44)
Transfers from property, plant, ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ 36,198 36,198
At 31 December 2024 125,135 11,305 16,897 12,768 187,082 353,187
and equipment (note 6)
Accumulated amortisation:
Transfers from capital work in progress 31,433 ‑ ‑ ‑ (31,433) ‑
Balance at 1 January 2024 88,949 11,305 27,721 ‑ 157,061 285,036
Exchange differences 121 ‑ 1 (1) 4 125
Charge for the year 11,153 ‑ 1,065 ‑ 11,530 23,748
At 31 December 2025 186,774 172,970 2,045 10,337 47,904 420,030
Disposals (1,030) ‑ (15,050) ‑ (129) (16,209)
Accumulated amortisation:
Exchange differences (34) ‑ 3 ‑ ‑ (31)
Balance at 1 January 2025 99,038 25,044 168,462 ‑ ‑ 292,544
At 31 December 2024 99,038 11,305 13,739 ‑ 168,462 292,544
Reclassification 20,063 143,786 (167,654) 3,805 ‑ ‑
Net book value:
Charge for the year 18,997 1,538 1,239 1,547 ‑ 23,321
At 31 December 2024 26,097 ‑ 3,158 12,768 18,620 60,643
Disposals (515) ‑ ‑ ‑ ‑ (515)
Exchange differences 109 ‑ (2) ‑ ‑ 107
The amortisation charge for the year is allocated to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
At 31 December 2025 137,692 170,368 2,045 5,352 - 315,457
inventory as follows:
Net book value: 2025 2024
At 31 December 2025 49,082 2,602 - 4,985 47,904 104,573 USD’000 USD’000
Cost of sales (note 20) 20,098 20,372
Amortisation included in unsold inventory 1,801 2,881
General and administrative expenses (note 23) 1,274 350
Selling and distribution expenses (note 24) 148 145
23,321 23,748

=== [AR2025.pdf p115] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
8. Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities for the year is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
2025 2024
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are
USD’000 USD’000
constructed, was granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
Cost of sales (note 20) 186 164
dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, expect for the Borouge
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 13 18
4‑Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November
2021. On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl General and administrative expenses (note 23) 3,410 4,604
Area where rent will be payable on land for the Innovation Centre Site. Selling and distribution expenses (note 24) - ‑
3,609 4,786
(a) Right-of-use assets
2025 2024 (b) Investment in sublease
USD’000 USD’000
Investment in sub‑lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub‑lease of a
Cost:
plot of land to a related party, Borouge 4 (note 12(d)).
Balance at 1 January 51,214 49,578
2025 2024
Additions 1,802 361
USD’000 USD’000
Disposals (8,529) (2,745)
Balance at 1 January 141,530 142,641
Modification on lease liability (62) 2,341
Additions - 100
Transfer of sublease, net - 2,156
Receipts (5,551) (6,449)
Exchange differences 1,331 (477) Accretion of interest 5,205 5,214
At 31 December 45,756 51,214 Modification of lease 465 ‑
Accumulated depreciation: Exchange differences - 24
Balance at 1 January 26,417 22,274 At 31 December 141,649 141,530
Charge for the year 3,609 4,786
Disposal (8,529) (438)
2025 2024
Exchange differences 932 (205)
USD’000 USD’000
At 31 December 22,429 26,417
Current – Investment in sublease 5,952 5,741
Carrying amount: Non–current – Investment in sublease 135,697 135,789
At 31 December 23,327 24,797 141,649 141,530

=== [AR2025.pdf p116] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 116
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
8. Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities (continued) 9. Inventories
(c) Lease liabilities 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 Finished goods 266,352 378,208
Balance at 1 January 167,124 170,613 Spare parts 166,930 148,411
Additions 1,802 361 Raw materials 133,686 159,183
Payments (9,808) (8,904) Goods in transit 14,566 9,020
Interest expense 6,193 6,233 Work in progress 4,957 5,795
Modification of lease liability (107) (616) 586,491 700,617
Exchange differences 976 (563) Less: allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories (62,789) (60,112)
At 31 December 166,180 167,124 523,702 640,505
Non‑current 156,652 158,082
Finished goods include an allocation of depreciation and amortisation charges amounting to USD 38,404
Current 9,528 9,042
thousand (2024: USD 67,337 thousand). The movement in the allowance for slow moving and obsolete
Total 166,180 167,124
inventories during the year was as follows:
2025 2024
Set out below, is the amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss related to leases: USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 60,112 52,892
2025 2024
Charge for the year 2,677 7,220
USD’000 USD’000
At 31 December 62,789 60,112
Depreciation charge 3,609 4,786
Interest expense 6,193 6,233
During the year, total of USD 75 million (2024: 41 million) has been consumed in capex activities. Increase
9,802 11,019
is primarily due to B3 Turnaround.

=== [AR2025.pdf p117] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
10. Receivables The analysis of the trade receivables provision for expected credit losses is as follows:
Past due
(a) Trade receivables
Not past 30 31‑60 61 – 90 91 – 180 Over 180
2025 2024
Total due days days days days days
USD’000 USD’000
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Trade receivables 811,680 859,914
31 December 2025
Less: provision for expected credit losses (3,443) (1,146)
Expected credit loss rate 0.01% 0.01% - 100% 79.45% 64.62%
808,237 858,768
Estimated total gross carrying 811,680 763,923 42,630 - 85 73 4,969
amount at default
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables was as follows:
Expected credit losses 3,443 85 4 - 85 58 3,211
2025 2024
31 December 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Expected credit loss rate 0.01% 0.01% ‑ 34.22% ‑ 55.85%
Balance at 1 January 1,146 4,341
Estimated total gross carrying 859,914 808,242 49,656 ‑ 263 ‑ 1,753
Transfer from Prepayments and other receivables (note 10b) 2,010 ‑
amount at default
Charge / (reversal) for the year 811 (3,195)
Expected credit losses 1,146 73 4 ‑ 90 ‑ 979
Write off (524) ‑
At 31 December 3,443 1,146
Limited recourse receivables discounting agreement
During the year‑ended 31 December 2025, a subsidiary of Borouge PLC entered into a Limited Recourse
Receivables Discounting Agreement (“agreement”) with an external Commercial Bank (“Purchaser”). The
agreed structure provides for the sale of Trade Receivables of Borouge PLC Group and was successfully
initiated in December 2025.
As part of this program, with a facility to sell up to USD 400 million, the Group have sold a pool of Trade
Receivables in the amount of USD 100 million as of 31 December 2025 (2024: nil), for which USD 100
million has been received by the Group as Cash as of 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).
The requirements for derecognition of receivables are met for the non‑recourse portion of the agreement,
whereby it is concluded that the contractual rights have been transferred from the Group to the Purchaser.
The non‑recourse portion of the agreement is irrevocably transferred, with Purchases obtaining the right
to ‘control’ the purchased receivables. As of 31 December 2025, USD 90 million has been de‑recognised
from Trade Receivables (2024: nil). Borouge continues to administer the relationship with Debtors and has
to transfer all receivables collected and previously sold to the Purchaser under this program.

=== [AR2025.pdf p118] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 118
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
10. Receivables (continued) The movement in the provision for expected credit losses on other receivables during the year was
as follows:
(a) Trade receivables (continued) 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Limited recourse receivables discounting agreement (continued)
Balance at 1 January 2,857 2,688
For the remaining ‘with‑recourse’ portion of the sale, it is concluded that the Group have substantially
Transfer to trade receivables (note 10a) (2,010) ‑
retained the risks and rewards associated and therefore, have not met the criteria for de‑recognition and
Transfer to loans to employees (note 10c) (847) ‑
accordingly, corresponding liability has been recognised. See note 17 for further details on treatment of
Charge for the year - 169
recourse portion of the agreement.
At 31 December - 2,857
For the year ended 31 December 2025, Interest payable on the agreement has been recognised in the (c) Loans to employees
profit or loss statement of USD 94 thousand (2024: nil), which represents accumulated daily interest due 2025 2024
payable on gross receivables sold to Purchaser, irrespective of their recourse vs non‑recourse nature. USD’000 USD’000
Loans to employees 36,749 33,963
(b) Prepayments and other receivables Less: provision for expected credit losses (1,599) ‑
2025 2024 At 31 December 35,150 33,963
USD’000 USD’000
Other receivables 25,871 19,651 The movement in the provision for expected credit losses on other receivables during the year was as
Tax recoverable 3,741 784 follows:
2025 2024
Deposits 13,234 1,760
USD’000 USD’000
Less: provision for expected credit losses - (2,857)
Balance at 1 January - ‑
42,846 19,338
Transfer from Prepayments and other receivables (note 10b) 847 ‑
Prepayments 5,244 4,579
Charge for the year 752 ‑
48,090 23,917
At 31 December 1,599 ‑
2025 2024
No interest is charged on the other receivable balances. Past due receivables are provided for based on
USD’000 USD’000
estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by reference to management expectations and past default
history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group considers any change in the Loans to employees – non‑current 21,905 20,509
credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. Loans to employees – current 13,245 13,454
At 31 December 35,150 33,963

=== [AR2025.pdf p119] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
11. Cash and Cash Equivalents 2025 2024
Nature USD’000 USD’000
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 Other income
Cash at bank – current accounts 114,643 86,216 ADNOC Shareholder 4,507 ‑
Short‑term deposits 312,248 332,286 Borealis AG Shareholder 2 ‑
Cash in hand 10 4 OMV Supply and Trading Singapore PTE Ltd Affiliate 25 19
Borouge 4 Affiliate 5,134 5,133
Cash and cash equivalents 426,901 418,506
9,668 5,152
Short‑term deposits are mainly denominated in US Dollar and earn interest at average floating rate of
4.67% (2024: 5.32%) per annum with an original maturity period of less than three months. 2025 2024
Nature USD’000 USD’000
Cost of sales
12. Related Parties Transactions and Balances Purchase of feedstock (ADNOC) Shareholder 975,456 951,616
Purchase of catalyst (Borealis AG) Shareholder 495,167 435,715
(a) Related parties
Purchase of feedstock‑ ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 419,928 450,550
Related parties comprise the Government of Abu Dhabi and related departments and institutions Re‑charge electricity and water (ADNOC) Shareholder 247,829 250,277
(owner of the majority shareholder), associated companies, joint ventures, shareholders, directors
Purchase of feedstock (DYM Solution) Affiliate 60,053 47,319
and key management personnel of the Group, and entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
Royalties (Borealis AG) (note 20) Shareholder 45,486 42,643
influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s
Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Gas Processing Affiliate 22,649 21,919
management. During the year, the Group entered into the following significant transactions with related
parties at prices and on terms agreed between the related parties. Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Industrial Gas‑(Elixier) Affiliate 6,748 5,925
Fuel, gas and oil (ADNOC Distribution) Affiliate 5,295 5,041
(b) Related party transactions
Purchase of feedstock – Borealis Compounds Inc Affiliate 2,359 3,530
2025 2024
2,280,970 2,214,535
Nature USD’000 USD’000
Sale of goods
2025 2024
ADNOC Shareholder 9,704 6,756 Nature USD’000 USD’000
Borealis AG Shareholder 570,028 462,629 Selling and distribution costs
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 36,412 40,295 (ADNOC Logistics and Services) Affiliate 136,649 185,725
Borouge 4 Affiliate 13,884 18,065 Administrative costs including secondee costs
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate - 82 (ADNOC and Borealis) Shareholder 80,651 88,149
630,028 527,827 Interest Expenses
(ADNOC) Shareholder 5,991 10,013

=== [AR2025.pdf p120] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 120
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
12. Related Parties Transactions and Balances (continued) (C) Amounts due to related parties
2025 2024
(b) Related party transactions (continued) Nature USD’000 USD’000
2025 2024
ADNOC Shareholder 334,017 278,554
Nature USD’000 USD’000
Borealis AG Shareholder 121,998 112,502
Compensation of key management personnel
ADNOC Logistics Affiliate 44,658 68,626
Short‑term benefits 7,836 6,247
ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 41,924 40,246
Long‑term benefits 408 469
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 18,242 8,814
DYM Solution Co. Ltd Affiliate 12,680 10,449
Other transactions ADNOC Distribution Affiliate 1,632 491
Tax ADNOC Industrial Gas Elixier Affiliate 679 471
An amount of 383,060 thousand (2024: USD 470,063 thousand) was paid to the Government of Borealis Compounds Inc. Affiliate 539 107
Abu Dhabi Department of Finance by the Group as per the fiscal agreement. At 31 December 2025, an ADNOC Global Trading Co Affiliate 90 ‑
amount of 45,186 thousand (2024: USD 42,977 thousand) was payable to the tax authorities. Borouge 4 Affiliate 29 ‑
OMV Supply & Trading Singapore Pte Ltd Afilliate 12 ‑
Land - right of use ADNOC Onshore Affiliate 2 ‑
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings and plant and machinery are 576,502 520,260
constructed, were granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, except for the Borouge 4 Plant Amounts due to related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On 2025 2024
the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where USD’000 USD’000
rent will be payable on land for Innovation Centre Site (note 8).
Non‑current - ‑
Current 576,502 520,260
Dividends
Total 576,502 520,260
During the year ended 31 December 2025, dividends of USD 1,312 million (2024: USD 1,307 million) were
declared and paid in accordance with resolutions of the Board of Directors (note 15).
In accordance with IAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, the Group has elected to disclose qualitatively the
transactions and balances with the Government of Abu Dhabi (other than ADNOC) and other entities over
which the Government of Abu Dhabi exerts control, joint control or significant influence.

=== [AR2025.pdf p121] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
12. Related Parties Transactions and Balances (continued) The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days to their customers which are common
market credit terms. No interest is charged on amounts due from related parties. Past due receivables
(d) Amounts due from related parties are provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by reference to management
2025 2024 expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group
Nature USD’000 USD’000 considers any change in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially
Borealis AG Shareholder 223,174 152,407 granted up to the reporting date. Management believes that no provision for expected credit losses is
required. The ageing analysis of amounts due from related parties is as follows:
ADNOC Shareholder 43,977 40,088
Borouge 4 Affiliate 23,044 14,142 Provision
Weighted Gross for expected
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 2,501 3,216
aver receivables credit losses
ADNOC Offshore Affiliate - ‑ loss rate USD’000 USD’000
Borealis AG Abu Dhabi Affiliate 551 57
31 December 2025
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate 4 27
Not yet due 0% 430,219 ‑
293,251 209,937
< 90 days 0% 4,677 ‑
OMV Supply & Trading Singapore PTE Ltd Affiliate 96 98
Past due 91 ‑180 days 0% 4 ‑
Borouge 4‑ Investment in sublease (note 8(b)) Affiliate 141,553 141,432
Past due 181 ‑365 days 0% ‑ ‑
141,649 141,530
Past due > 365 days 0% ‑ ‑
434,900 351,467
434,900 -
31 December 2024 0% 293,092 -
Amounts due from related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position
Not yet due 0% 58,145 ‑
as follows:
< 90 days 0% 230 ‑
2025 2024
Past due 91 ‑180 days 0% ‑ ‑
USD’000 USD’000
Past due 181 ‑365 days 0% ‑ ‑
Investment in sublease – current 5,952 5,741
Past due > 365 days ‑ ‑
Investment in sublease – non‑current 135,697 135,789
351,467 -
Amounts due from related parties ‑ current 293,251 209,937
Total 434,900 351,467

=== [AR2025.pdf p122] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 122
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
13. Income Tax Expense (c) Movement in deferred tax balances
Deferred tax represents temporary differences arising due to the difference in useful lives used for
(a) Amounts recognised in profit or loss accounting purposes and that used for fiscal purposes for all assets. It also arises due to the timing
2025 2024
difference created in respect of the provision and payment relating to end of service benefits. Deferred tax
USD’000 USD’000
assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
Income tax expense deductible temporary differences. Deferred tax relates to the following:
UAE 385,236 466,352
Tax charge
Foreign jurisdictions 11,360 8,382 Recognised
At Tax charge FX difference in other At
396,596 474,734
1 January Recognised Recognised comprehensive 31 December
Deferred tax expense
2025 in profit or loss in profit or loss Income 2025
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 44,118 31,627 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
440,714 506,361 Property, plant and equipment (110,110) (46,085) 83 - (156,112)
Other provision 27,371 1,967 - (206) 29,132
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate Deferred tax liability (82,739) (44,118) 83 (206) (126,980)
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Tax charge
Profit for the period before tax 1,539,844 1,745,309 At Tax charge FX difference Recognised in other At
Effective tax rate 38.24% 29.66% 1 January Recognised Recognised comprehensive 31 December
2024 in profit or loss in profit or loss Income 2024
Tax on accounting profit at applicable rate 588,825 517,572
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Tax effect of non‑deductible expenses (5,807) (42)
Property, plant and equipment (78,920) (31,190) ‑ ‑ (110,110)
Tax effect of exempt income/tax holidays (141,795) (7,273)
Other provision 27,863 (437) (55) ‑ 27,371
Tax effect of Pillar 2 adjustments 4,955 ‑
Deferred tax liability (51,057) (31,627) (55) ‑ (82,739)
Opening deferred tax assets remeasured 4,152 2,893
Deferred tax assets reversed on disposed assets during current period - 727 At At
Others (9,616) (7,516) 31 December 31 December
2025 2024
440,714 506,361
USD’000 USD’000
Deferred tax asset 1,992 2,397
Deferred tax liability (128,972) (85,136)
(126,980) (82,739)
Deferred tax asset and liabilities relate to property, plant and equipment and provision for end of
service benefits.

=== [AR2025.pdf p123] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
13. Income Tax Expense (continued) As the UAE DMTT legislation becomes effective in the UAE from 1 January 2025, the Group has
performed an assessment of its potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on the 2024 country‑
(c) Movement in deferred tax balances (continued) by‑country reporting (CbCR) and 2025 financial information for the constituent entities in the Group.
International Tax Reform ‑ Pillar Two model rules:
Based on the assessment performed, the Group applied the transitional CbCR safe harbour using the
The Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework on simplified effective tax rate test. The UAE jurisdictional ETR exceeded the 15% threshold, resulting in no
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) has published the Pillar Two Anti‑Global Base Erosion Rules top‑up tax under the UAE DMTT legislation during the fiscal year. This temporary relief, which is available
(“GloBE Rules”), which are designed to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalisation of the for fiscal years beginning on or before December 31, 2026, allows the Group to use data from qualified
global economy. The Group falls within the scope of the Pillar Two legislation, as its consolidated revenue financial statements and CbC reports to determine if a jurisdiction meets the de minimis, simplified ETR,
exceeds the €750 million threshold, and it operates in a jurisdiction that has been enacted or substantively or routine profits tests.
enacted Pillar Two legislation.
However, the Group has recognised a Pillar Two current tax expense of USD 4,955 thousand that arises
It is unclear if the Pillar Two model rules create additional temporary differences, whether to remeasure in PTE Singapore (subsidiary of Borouge), which is not subject to the transitional safe harbour relief–
deferred taxes for the Pillar Two model rules and which tax rate to use to measure deferred taxes. In because of low ETR rate resulting to a recognition of additional top‑up tax of 10%.
response to this uncertainty, on 23 May 2023 and 27 June 2023, respectively, the IASB and AASB issued
amendments to IAS 12 ‘Income taxes’ introducing a mandatory temporary exception to the requirements The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative developments, as further countries enact the Pillar
of IAS 12 under which a company does not recognise or disclose information about deferred tax assets Two model rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial
and liabilities related to the proposed OECD/G20 BEPS Pillar Two model rules. position and cash flows beginning.
The UAE, where the Parent Company is incorporated, published Federal Decree‑Law No. 60 of 2023
on 24 November 2023. This law amends specific provisions of Federal Decree‑Law No. 47 of 2022 on 14. Share Capital
the Taxation of Corporations and Businesses, as part of the UAE’s commitment to the OECD guidelines.
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company which became effective on 28 April 2022,
The amendments introduced by Federal Decree‑Law No. 60 of 2023 are intended to prepare for the
the Company issued 50,000 ordinary shares of USD 1 each on its incorporation to the Shareholders.
introduction of the BEPS 2.0 Pillar Two Rules.
By virtue of the Subscription and Transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022, the Company issued further
shares effective 31 May 2022 (note 1) increasing its share capital to USD 4.8 billion divided into
On 11 February 2025, the Ministry of Finance of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) released Cabinet
30,057,691,583 shares, each valued at USD 0.16.
Decision No. 142 of 2024 regarding the Imposition of Top‑Up Tax on Multinational Enterprises on its
website. This decision provides further details on the UAE Domestic Minimum Top‑up Tax (UAE DMTT),
2025 2024
which will apply to fiscal years starting on or after 1 January 2025. The UAE DMTT aims to ensure that
USD’000 USD’000
certain in‑scope UAE entities of a multinational enterprise (MNE) meet a 15% effective tax rate (ETR) on
Authorised, issued and fully paid
profits derived in the UAE.
30,057,691,583 ordinary shares of USD 0.16 each 4,809,231 4,809,231

=== [AR2025.pdf p124] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 124
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
15. Reserves Translation reserve
The translation reserve comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the
Merger reserve
consolidated financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency.
The merger reserve was recognised on combination of the Borouge Business under the pooling of
interest method.
Dividends
During the year ended 31 December 2025, dividends USD 1,312.1 million (2024: USD 1,307.0 million)
Restricted reserve
was declared and paid in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors. Of the total dividend, an
For the Company, in accordance with ADGM laws the provisions of the Decree Law No.32 of 2021 shall amount of USD 1,309.0 million (2024: USD 1,299.7 million) was paid to shareholders of the Company and
not apply to companies established in free zones of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. USD 3.1 million (2024: USD 7.3 million) was paid to non‑controlling interests.
For the subsidiary ADP, in accordance with the UAE Federal Law No. 32 of 2021 and the Articles of
Association of the subsidiary ADP , 10% of the profit is transferred to a non‑distributable statutory reserve.
Treasury Shares and Other reserve
Such transfers are required to be made until the reserve is equal to 50% of the paid‑up share capital of ADP.
See note 31 for further information.
For the subsidiary PTE, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations of PRC, a portion of the profit of a
subsidiary established in PRC is required to transfer to a statutory reserve which is restricted in use.
16. Provision for Employees’ End of Service Benefits
Capital reserve
The capital reserve attributable to the owners of the Company relates to a waiver of a related party The Group has a post‑employment benefit plan that is awarded to employees in the United Arab
payable balance amounting to USD 14.8 million in prior years of PTE, the subsidiary. Emirates. Under the plan, qualifying employees will receive gratuity benefits when they leave service. The
employees are entitled to receive a lumpsum benefit based on their last drawn salaries taking into account
Actuarial reserve the number of years of their service to the Group.
Re‑measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial
The defined benefit plan is unfunded. In the estimation of the defined benefit liability, the Group engaged
assumptions on post‑ employment benefits are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in
an independent actuary to assess the defined benefit plan obligation. The defined benefit plan exposes the
other comprehensive income. They are included in the actuarial reserve in the consolidated statement of
Group to actuarial risks such as mortality rates, interest rates, and expected retirement and termination rates.
changes in equity and in the consolidated statement of financial position.
The provision for employees’ end of service benefit at the reporting date is as follows:
2025 2024
Cash flow hedge reserve
USD’000 USD’000
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments
Defined benefit obligation – current 12,293 1,235
that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and
Defined benefit obligation – non‑current 93,044 97,585
accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value
of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. 105,337 98,820

=== [AR2025.pdf p125] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
16. Provision for Employees’ End of Service Benefits Sensitivity analysis
(continued) Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding
other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts
shown below.
Movement in defined benefit obligation
The following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the net 2025
USD’000
defined benefit liability and its components.
2025 2024 Increase Decrease
USD’000 USD’000 Discount rate (1% movement) (5,811) 6,426
Balance at 1 January 98,820 94,369
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 6,694 (6,144)
Included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
Current service cost 7,484 8,310
2025
Interest cost 4,673 4,845 USD’000
12,157 13,155 Increase Decrease
Other Discount rate (1% movement) (4,969) 5,509
Benefits paid (5,362) (8,466) Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,744 (5,258)
Transferred 435 462
Foreign exchange loss 20 (337) 17. Bank Loans
(4,907) (8,341)
2025 2024
Remeasurement of provision--
USD’000 USD’000
Actuarial gains – arising from experience (728) (1,798)
Commercial term facility 2,600,000 2,600,000
Return on assets (2) (693)
Islamic facility 350,000 350,000
Actuarial gains – arising from financial assumptions (3) 2,128
Receivables discounting (note 10 (a)) 10,680 ‑
(733) (363)
2,960,680 2,950,000
Balance at 31 December 105,337 98,820
Unamortised transaction costs (2,950) (5,900)
2,957,730 2,944,100
Actuarial assumptions
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date
(expressed as weighted averages).
2025 2024
Discount rate 5.0% 5.0%
Salary escalation rate per annum 4.0% 4.0%

=== [AR2025.pdf p126] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 126
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
17. Bank Loans (continued) 18. Trade and Other Payables
This represents external facilities from a consortium of banks amounting to USD 4,000 million with a 2025 2024
maturity of 5 years from 19 December 2021, comprising a commercial term facility of USD 3,650 million USD’000 USD’000
and an Islamic facility of USD 350 million. The commercial term facility carries an interest rate of SOFR Trade accounts payable 79,430 68,794
+ 0.90% margin per annum and the Islamic facility carries a profit margin amount. The repayment of
Accrued expenses 248,325 244,954
the commercial term and Islamic finance facilities will be in full after 5 years. During the year, interest
Contract liabilities (note 19) 20,568 20,494
on this loan amounted to USD 157,956 thousand (2024: USD 190,768 thousand) and transaction costs
Other payables 29,877 22,418
amortised amounted to USD 2,950 thousand (2024: USD 3,375 thousand) and have been recognised in
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. During the year ended 31 378,200 356,660
December 2025, the Group repaid an amount of USD nil (2024: USD 200,000 thousand). There are no
bank covenants or collateral maintained for the loans. Trade and other payables are non‑interest bearing and have an average credit period of 30 days. The Group
has financial risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are paid within the credit timeframe.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has an undrawn revolving loan facility with First Abu Dhabi Bank
amounting to USD 500 million, valid for up to 5 years from December 2024. The loan bears an interest
19. Revenue
rate at SOFR plus margin per annum of 0.8%. Total commitment fee recognised during the year amounted
to USD 886 thousand (2024: USD 1,522 thousand). There are no bank covenants or collateral maintained 2025 2024
for this facility. USD’000 USD’000
2025 2024 Sale of goods (net of commissions and rebates)
USD’000 USD’000
Polyethylene 3,419,049 2,431,350
Current liabilities 2,957,730 ‑
Polypropylene 2,384,384 3,547,516
Non – current liabilities - 2,944,100
Ethylene and others 44,340 47,257
2,957,730 2,944,100 5,847,773 6,026,123
Timing of revenue recognition
17.1 Finance costs
At a point in time 5,847,773 6,026,123
2025 2024
Revenue from contracts with customers 5,847,773 6,026,123
USD’000 USD’000
Interest on loans 164,476 191,959 In terms of the timing of revenue recognition, revenue is recognised at a point in time, when the control of
Interest on lease liabilities (8 (c)) 6,193 6,233 goods is transferred to the Customer. The Group does not render any installation or other services. There are
no financing components on these contracts with customers. The performance obligation is satisfied upon
Others 5,255 3,833
delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 90 days from delivery. Certain contracts for the sale
175,924 202,025
of goods provide customers with a right of return. However, the sales returns are negligible as compared to the
gross revenue for the sale of goods. Based on estimated expected returns, goods that are likely to be returned
are expected to be very minimal. Considering that the sales returns of the Group are not significant, the Group
has not recorded a refund liability and a right of return asset for anticipated sales returns in either period.

=== [AR2025.pdf p127] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
19. Revenue (continued) Royalty expense relates to fees charged by Borealis for the manufacturing of polyolefin products under the
Borstar process license and process design agreement.
Geographical information
Revenue based on the geographical location of customers as follow:
21. Staff Costs
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 2025 2024
People’s Republic of China 1,533,835 1,803,740 USD’000 USD’000
India 812,522 818,815 Cost of sales (note 20) 295,277 338,370
United Arab Emirates 649,417 685,489 General and administrative expenses (note 23) 126,250 84,224
Austria 570,028 462,629 Selling and distribution expenses (note 24) 112,586 106,903
Egypt 302,794 374,061 534,113 529,497
Pakistan 268,804 247,825
Vietnam 151,892 150,389
22. Other Income
Saudi Arabia 145,904 120,811
Others 1,412,577 1,362,364 Other income relates mainly to the sale of scrap materials that took place during the year.
5,847,773 6,026,123
23. General and Administrative Expenses
Contract balances
Contract liabilities relate to advance consideration received from customers for sale of polyolefin products. 2025 2024
The Group did not account for any significant financing component arising from these advances as the USD’000 USD’000
related performance obligations are completed within less than 12 months.
Salaries and wages (note 21) 126,250 84,224
Maintenance cost 23,678 30,828
20. Cost of Sales General service cost 13,881 21,351
2025 2024 Corporate service cost 8,587 8,072
USD’000 USD’000 Human capability cost 206 5,907
Cost of production and other related costs 2,728,868 2,507,546 Depreciation of right‑of‑use assets (note 8(a)) 3,410 4,604
Staff cost (note 21) 295,277 338,370 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 6) 4,040 3,307
Depreciation on goods sold (note 6) 473,170 533,820 Insurance 3,041 3,083
Amortisation on goods sold (note 7) 22,979 68,446 Travel cost 511 384
Depreciation on right‑of‑use assets (note 8 (a)) 205 164 Amortisation of intangible assets (note 7) 1,274 350
Royalty expense (note 12(b)) 45,486 42,643 Others 11,699 31,011
3,565,985 3,490,989 196,577 193,121

=== [AR2025.pdf p128] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 128
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
24. Selling and Distribution Expenses For internal management purpose, the Group is organized as one business unit based on the products
and services and has only one reportable segment. The Group is managed as a single business unit and
2025 2024
the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision‑
USD’000 USD’000
maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
Shipping cost 169,804 209,382 performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that makes strategic decisions.
Storage cost 117,691 140,701 The financial information reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for
Salaries and wages (note 21) 112,586 106,903 the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its business unit separately for the purpose of
making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.
General service cost 5,123 5,415
Travel cost 2,309 2,058
The CODM regularly reviews the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 6) 1 1
income. The CODM function is to allocate resources to and assess the performance of the operating
Amortisation of intangible assets (note 7) 148 145 segments of the Group. Based on the review and assessment of the CODM, the Group has a single
Others 8,366 7,358 operating segment, which is ‘Polyolefin Business’.
416,028 471,963
There are no other economic characteristics within the Group that will lead to determination of other
operating segments. This analysis requires significant judgement as to the circumstances of the Group.
25. Contingencies
The Group does not have any operating segments that are aggregated. The CODM has considered the
following criteria in determining the operating segments of the Group:
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had contingent liabilities amounting to USD 322 thousand (2024:
USD 193 thousand) in respect of bank and other guarantees and other matters arising in the ordinary • the nature of products and services;
course of business from which it is anticipated that no material liabilities will arise.
• the nature of the production processes;
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. • the type or class of customer for their products and services; and
While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe
• the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services;
that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements if
concluded unfavorably.
Based on the criteria and evaluation above, the CODM has determined that the Group has only one
operating segment, which is consistent with the internal reporting and performance measurement.
26. Segmental Analysis
The business activities of the Group are performed on an integrated basis. Therefore, any segmentation
of operating income, expenses, assets and liabilities is not relevant and is not performed for internal
management reporting purposes.

=== [AR2025.pdf p129] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
27. Financial Risk Management The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure
to credit risk at the reporting date was:
Overview
2025 2024
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk Notes USD’000 USD’000
management framework and is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management
Amounts due from related parties 12(d) 293,251 209,937
policies. The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by
Loans to employees 10(c) 35,150 33,963
the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk
Cash and cash equivalents 11 426,901 418,506
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the
Group’s activities. Trade receivables 10(a) 808,237 858,768
Prepayments and other receivables 10(b) 48,090 23,917
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
The Group’s credit risk primarily relates to concentration of credit attributable to the amounts due from
• Credit risk
third parties. Management estimates that this concentration of credit risk is not significant, as exposure
• Liquidity risk is ultimately spread over a large number of third party customers. All balances with banks represent
commercial banks in the Middle East region. For banks, only reputable and independently rated parties
• Market risk
with a sound rating are accepted.
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s
objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management
The amount that best represents the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure at the reporting date, in the
of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial
event counter parties fail to perform their obligations under financial instruments generally approximates
statements. Credit risk is limited to the carrying values of financial assets in the consolidated statement
their carrying value. Amounts due from related parties and certain other receivables and balances with
of financial position.
banks are not secured by any collateral.
i. Credit risk
ii. Liquidity risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group monitors its
activities primarily for other receivables and amounts due from related parties and from its financing
risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. The Group’s objective is to maintain
activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions and other financial instruments.
a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and funds from
shareholders. The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise amounts due to related parties, trade and
other payables, lease liabilities and bank loans. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise
finance for the Group’s operations and construction activity.
The shareholders of the Group and the facilities obtained from banks are the main source of funding for
the Group and the liquidity risk for the Group is assessed to be low. The Group limits its liquidity risk by
ensuring adequate cash from operations, bank facilities and funds from Shareholders are available.

=== [AR2025.pdf p130] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 130
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
27. Financial Risk Management (continued) Less than 3 to 12 1 to 5 Over 5
On demand 3 months months years years Total
Overview (continued) USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
ii. Liquidity risk (continued) Year ended 31 December 2025
Inflows ‑ 4,590 12,176 - - 16,766
At 31 December 2025, 93.2% (2024: 19.2%) of the Group’s financial liabilities will mature in less than one Outflows ‑ (5,813) (17,115) - - (22,928)
year based on the carrying value of borrowings reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
Net ‑ (1,223) (4,939) - - (6,162)
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities in each period based on
Discounted at the applicable interbank rates ‑ (1,211) (4,791) - - (6,002)
undiscounted payments and current market interest rates:
Year ended 31 December 2024
Carrying Contractual One year More than
Inflows ‑ 5,339 15,522 19,331 ‑ 40,192
value cash flows or less one year
Outflows ‑ (5,735) (17,838) (22,927) ‑ (46,500)
Notes USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Net ‑ (396) (2,316) (3,596) ‑ (6,308)
31 December 2025
Discounted at the applicable interbank rates ‑ (392) (2,240) (3,361) ‑ (5,993)
Amounts due to related parties 12(c) 576,502 (576,502) (576,502) -
Lease liabilities 8(c) 166,180 (293,799) (10,297) (283,502)
The Group is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The derivative
Bank loan including interest 17 2,957,730 (3,095,410) (3,095,410) -
instruments have been entered into to manage the interest rate risk, explained in the Financial
Derivative financial instruments 30 6,002 (6,162) (6,162) - Instruments risk management section on page 60.
Trade and other payables 18 109,307 (109,307) (109,307) - iii. Market risk
3,815,721 (4,081,180) (3,797,678) (283,502)
Market price risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
31 December 2024
because of changes in market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control
Amounts due to related parties 12(c) 520,260 (520,260) (520,260) ‑
market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return. Market prices comprise
Lease liabilities 8(c) 167,124 (294,696) (9,788) (284,908) the following types of risk:
Bank loan including interest 17 2,944,100 (3,316,676) (189,441) (3,127,235)
Derivative financial instruments 30 5,993 (6,308) (2,712) (3,596) Foreign currency risk
Trade and other payables 18 91,212 (91,212) (91,212) ‑ Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
3,728,689 (4,229,152) (813,413) (3,415,739) fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in
foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the operating activities and assets and liabilities denominated
in a different currency from the functional currencies.
The financial derivative instruments disclosed in the above table are the gross undiscounted cash flows.
However, those amounts may be settled gross or net. The following table shows the corresponding
The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Thus, exposures to
reconciliation of those amounts to their carrying amounts:
exchange rate fluctuations arise.

=== [AR2025.pdf p131] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
27. Financial Risk Management (continued) The interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows:
2025 2024
Overview (continued)
USD’000 USD’000
iii. Market risk (continued) Increase of 0.5% 14,746 (14,721)
Foreign currency risk (continued) Decrease of 0.5% (14,746) 14,721
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 5% increase in
exchange rates for the Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Singaporean Dollar, British Pound Debt issued at variable interest rates gives rise to an interest rate cash flow risk. Interest rate swap contracts
and Swiss Frank over the United States Dollar, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit are used for debt issued at variable rates to generate fixed interest exposure, creating a cashflow hedge.
before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). A 5% decrease in exchange iv. Capital risk management
rates will have the same opposite effect. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to achieve strong credit metrics and healthy
currencies is not material.
capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value. The Group manages its
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. There are no
regulatory imposed requirements on the level of share capital which the Group has not met.
5% increase in exchange rates ‑ impact on profit or loss
Japanese Yen 30 21
The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt.
Chinese Yuan Renminbi (538) (249)
The Group includes within net debt, trade and other payables, bank loans, amounts due to related parties,
Euro (378) 581 derivative financial instruments lease liabilities and income tax payable less cash and cash equivalents.
Singaporean Dollar (699) (895) Capital includes total equity.
2025 2024
British Pound (1) (1)
Notes USD’000 USD’000
Swiss Frank 6 1
Trade and other payables 18 378,200 356,660
(1,580) (542)
Amounts due to related parties 12(c) 576,502 520,260
Bank loans 17 2,957,730 2,944,100
Interest rate risk Lease liabilities 8(c) 166,180 167,124
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate Derivative financial instruments 30 6,002 5,993
because of changes in market interest rate. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest Income tax payable 54,499 47,309
rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank loan drawdown.
Less: cash and cash equivalents 11 (426,901) (418,506)
Total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 3,712,212 3,622,940
The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market
Total equity 4,115,682 4,482,063
risks. This is based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at the end of each period.
Equity and total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 7,827,894 8,105,003
Gearing ratio 0.47 0.45

=== [AR2025.pdf p132] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 132
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
27. Financial Risk Management (continued) 29 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
Overview (continued) Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of
iv. Capital risk management (continued) the Group by the weighted average number of share outstanding during the period as follows:
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – year ended 31 December 2025
Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD ’000) 1,089,178 1,225,273
At At
Weighted average number of shares in issue 29,937,557,774 30,057,691,583
1 January Cash 31 December
2025 outflows Proceeds Others 2025 Basic and Diluted Earnings per share (USD) 0.04 0.04
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
The weighted average number of ordinary shares takes into account the weighted average effect of
changes in treasury shares (note 31) during the year.
Bank loan (note 17) 2,944,100 - - 2,950 2,947,050
Receivables discounting (note 17) - - 10,000 680 10,680
Total liabilities from financing activities 2,944,100 - 10,000 3,630 2,957,730 30 Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – year ended 31 December 2024
Management considers that the fair values of the financial instruments of the Group are not materially
At At
different from their carrying values at the reporting date.
1 January Cash 31 December
2024 outflows Proceeds Others 2024
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Fair value hierarchy
Bank loan (note 17) 3,140,725 (200,000) ‑ 3,375 2,944,100 As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and
Total liabilities from financing activities 3,140,725 (200,000) ‑ 3,375 2,944,100 liabilities is as follows:
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Items measured at fair value At 31 December 2025
28 Capital Commitments
Interest rate swap – hedged - (6,002) - (6,002)
The Group has authorised and committed estimated future expenditure amounting to USD 324,736 Items measured at fair value At 31 December 2024
thousand (2024: USD 129,087 thousand).
Interest rate swap – hedged ‑ (5,993) ‑ (5,993)
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered in interest rate swap agreements for
notional amount of USD 500 million. The Group earned fair value loss on derivatives used in effective
cashflow hedge relationship of USD 9 thousand (2024: gain of USD 6,615 thousand).

=== [AR2025.pdf p133] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
31 December 2025
30 Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued) During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, there were no transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value
Fair value hierarchy (continued) measurements.
Cash flow hedge
At 31 December 2025, the Group had interest rate swap agreements in place with a notional amount of USD 31 Treasury Shares and Share Premium
500,000 thousand (2024: USD 500,000 thousand) whereby the Group receives a fixed rate of interest of
4.65% and pays interest at a variable rate on the external bank loan The swap is being used to hedge the During the year, the Group appointed, (“Al Ramz Capital”) a licensed Market Maker on the Abu Dhabi
exposure to variability of cash flows associated with the variable interest bearing loan held by the Group. Securities Exchange (ADX) that offers liquidity provision services, to place buy and sell orders of the Group’s
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms shares with the objective of reducing bid/ask spreads as well as reducing price and volume volatility.
of the interest rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e., notional amount, maturity, payment The Market Maker trades and operates within the predetermined parameters approved by the Group. The
and reset dates). The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the Group has provided the funding to the Market Maker to trade the Group’s shares and it carries all risks
underlying risk of the interest rate swap is identical to the hedged risk component. To test the hedge and rewards associated with the arrangement. Given the nature and substance of the arrangement, the
effectiveness, the Group completes a qualitative assessment of the critical terms, as the critical terms of shares have been classified as “Treasury Shares” in Equity. At 31 December 2025, the Market Maker
the interest rate swap match with that of the hedged item and the underlying economics of the interest rate held 14,664 thousand shares (31 December 2024: Nil) on behalf of the Group, which are classified
swap matches the underlying of the hedged item. The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: under equity as treasury shares at the average purchase price amounting to USD 10,405 thousand (31
December 2024; nil). A cumulative net gain of USD 368 thousand has been recognised at 31 December
• Different interest rate curve applied to discount the hedged item and hedging instrument
2025 (31 December 2024; nil) in ‘other reserve’ under equity, which includes gain/loss on trading shares
• Differences in timing of cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument as well as any dividends received on shares held. In addition to the Liquidity provider services, on 7 April
2025, in the Annual General Assembly meeting the Shareholders of the Group approved the purchase of
• The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instrument
up to a maximum of 2.5% of the Group’s publicly issued shares. The share buyback program commenced
and hedged item
after shareholder approval was received and at 31 December 2025, the Group held 211,84 7 thousand
The ineffectiveness recognised in the statement of profit or loss was USD nil (2024: USD nil). shares (31 December 2024: Nil) which are classified under equity as treasury shares at acquisition cost
amounting to USD 147,818 thousand (31 December 2024: Nil).
Fair value hierarchy
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of assets and
32 Comparative Information
liabilities by valuation technique:
Certain comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform to the presentation for the current
• Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
year and to improve the quality of information previously presented. Such reclassifications do not affect
• Level 2: Other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value
previously reported net profit or total equity.
are observable, either directly or indirectly.
• Level 3: Techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are
33 Approval of Consolidated Financial Statements
not based on observable market data.
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue
on 3 February 2026.

=== [AR2025.pdf p134] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Appendices

=== [AR2025.pdf p135] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 135
Appendices
Environmental, Social and Governance Indicators
The table below summarises our response to the ESG KPI’s required by the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange.
ADX ESG disclosure for listed companies
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
Environmental E3 Waste E3.1 Total waste generated, per waste type
Generation
E1 Environmental Yes, environmental commitments E3.2 Percentage of waste recycled, per waste type
Operations E1.1 Does your company follow a formal are covered under the Borouge
Total waste Total waste
Environmental Policy? Sustainability Policy, as there is no
Waste diverted from directed to
standalone Environmental Policy
Generation disposal disposal
Description (Tonnes) (Tonnes) (Tonnes)
E1.2 Does your company follow specific waste,
Yes
water, energy, and/or recycling policies?
Total waste 9,700.00 442.80 10,020.00
E1.3 Does your company use a recognised energy
Yes Hazardous waste 7,406.00 442.80 7,726.00
management system?
Electronic waste and batteries 465.00 – 465.00
E2 Water E2.1 Total amount of water consumed 3,893,794.00 ML
Usage Chemical and hydrocarbon / oily sludge 4,178.00 – 4,178.00
E2.2 Total amount of water reclaimed 150.49 ML
Others 2,763.00 – 2,763.00
Non-hazardous waste 2,294.00 – 2,294.00
Municipal solid waste 707.00 – 707.00
Recyclable waste 811.00 – 811.00
Other waste (mixed general
776.00 – 776.00
waste, wood waste, etc)
Non-hazardous waste 2,294.00 – 2,294.00
To offsite landfill – – 917.30
To other offsite disposal – – 1,376.40
*Waste disposal figures include legacy waste generated in previous year.

=== [AR2025.pdf p136] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 136
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
E4 Energy Usage E4.1 Total amount of energy directly consumed 82,238,666 GJ E9 Climate E9.1 Describe the climate‑related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect
Strategy your organisation’s prospects. Also explain, for each climate‑related risk your organisation has
identified, whether your organisation considers the risk to be a climate‑related physical risk or
E4.2 Total amount of energy indirectly consumed 10,622,710 GJ
transition risk. Following the climate change risk management framework, identification and
assessment of top climate change hazards and prospects were conducted.
E5 Energy Intensity E5.1 Total direct energy usage per output scaling factor 20.00 GJ/tonne
Below is an overview of the identified hazards that indicate key areas of risk and that require
detailed asset‑level studies. During the reporting period, we did not observe any significant
E6 Energy Mix E6.1 Percentage: Energy usage by generation type effects from these identified climate‑related risks and opportunities on our financial position,
financial performance, or cash flows.
Total energy consumption within Borouge from natural gas,
92,861,376 GJ
tail gas and liquid fuel Top Physical Climate Hazards
Direct energy consumption within Borouge 82,238,666 GJ
Hazard Type Risk Mitigation
Heat Waves Acute HSE / Occupational Health Infrastructure greening initiative
Indirect energy consumption within Borouge 10,622,710 GJ
Hot Days Chronic Accelerate wear and tear Elevate design thresholds
Electricity consumption ‑ imported 2,953.47 MWH
Energy produced by Borouge and used internally 52,477,130 GJ Top Transitional Climate Hazards
Energy consumption reductions achieved from conservation Hazard Type Risk Mitigation
340,656 GJ
and efficiency initiatives
Market Chronic Market uncertainties could Investment in low‑carbon products
Demand lead to decreased sales and customer diversification
E7 GHG Emissions E7.1 Total amount in CO2 equivalents, for Scope 1 3,460,761 tCO2e
volumes due to shifting
E7.2 Total amount, in CO2 equivalents, for Scope 2 attitudes and preferences
1,298,063 tCO2e
(if) applicable and regulatory pressures
E7.3 Total amount, in CO2 equivalents, for Scope 3 Technology ‑ Chronic High upfront CAPEX needed Transition plan /
NA
(if) applicable Energy Demand to implement advanced decarbonization roadmap
energy efficiency technologies
E8.1 Total GHG emissions per output scaling factor 0.94 tCO2e/tonne
E8 Emissions
Top Climate Prospects
Intensity
E8.2 Total non‑GHG emissions per output scaling factor NOx: 0.000861616
SOx: 7.99988E‑05
Hazard Type Risk Mitigation
VOC: 0.000336587
PM: 8.63196E‑05
Market ‑ Chronic Strategic partnerships Supply chain
ODS: 0
Supply Chain focused on low carbon resilience plan/assessment
supply chain and supply
chain resilience
Technology ‑ Chronic Enhanced production Double down on
Energy Supply efficiency tech‑related strategies

=== [AR2025.pdf p137] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 137
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
E9 Climate E9.2 Describe the current and anticipated impacts of climate‑related risks and opportunities on your E9 Climate Moreover, the framework is designed to provide multiple scenario‑based analysis using the latest
Strategy organisation’s business model and value chain. ‑ Same as 9.1 Strategy Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report (AR6) scenarios (SSP1‑26,
SSP2‑45, SSP5‑85) for physical risks, and the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS)
E9.3 How has your organisation responded to, and plans to respond to, climate‑related risks and models (2024) for transition risks. Assessments are conducted at 10‑year intervals to ensure forward‑
opportunities in its strategy and decision‑making, including the plans to achieve any climate‑ looking resilience planning. Borouge is embedding the framework into the company’s Enterprise Risk
related targets it has set and any targets it is required to meet by law or regulation? Management (ERM) system, establishing robust governance to initiate physical climate risk assessments
across its asset portfolio. This integration supports the systematic identification of climate‑related hazard
Borouge embeds Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) throughout the organisation to help effectively exposure and enables informed decision‑making on appropriate adaptation measures. These efforts aim
manage our business risks. Borouge’s risk assessment methodology aligns with the ISO:31000 model to ensure that Borouge’s assets and operations remain resilient under a range of future climate scenarios,
and best practices, guiding us in identifying, assessing and responding to potential risks that could impact supporting the company’s long‑term sustainable growth and value creation objectives. During the
our strategic ambitions, operational integrity or sustainability ambitions. reporting period, we did not observe any significant effects from these identified climate‑related risks and
opportunities on our financial position, financial performance, or cash flows.
We incorporate risk management practices and awareness across the organisation to enable us to stay
ahead of potential challenges. Our vigilance extends to the chemistry of our products, where we regularly
Our Risk Management Process
assess the substances we use, identifying critical chemicals that may pose long‑term risks to evolve our
offerings in line with safety and sustainability goals. We identify our quantitative and qualitative risks, Risk Identification Governance Mitigation
including ESG and climate‑related risks, which are assessed using appropriate methodologies aligned and Analysis and Reporting and Control
with emerging best practices. Operational and HSE risks are reviewed using the Bow Tie Method and
• Identifies risks to strategic • Oversees company • Implements ALARP
managed under the ‘As Low As Reasonably Practicable (ALARP)’ principle to prioritise elimination,
and operational objectives governance, procedures; (As Low As Reasonably
substitution, engineering controls, and administrative measures. These risks are captured within our
• Uses Bow Tie Method for and progress against targets Practicable)‑based
Operational Excellence & Risk Platform (OERP), the Company’s integrated digital system designed
analysing causes, • 11 members: 1 woman; controls
to manage operational risk, compliance, and performance. It centralises HSE data, incident reporting,
consequences, and controls 4 nationals; 1 independent • Integrates risk
audits, and assurance activities, enabling real‑time monitoring and analytics to support proactive risk
• Applies qualitative • Mix of executive and non‑ management into
management and regulatory compliance.
and quantitative executive roles; varied tenure HSE and process
assessment techniques and age groups safety systems
Climate Risk Management
Borouge is committed to aligning with ADNOC’s strategic vision for responsible energy leadership
by proactively mitigating climate‑related risks and capitalising on opportunities emerging from global
energy transformation. In line with this commitment, Borouge is advancing its efforts to integrate a
comprehensive climate change risk management framework into its key processes. The framework
establishes a structured, enterprise‑wide methodology for the identification, assessment, and
management of climate‑related risks and opportunities across operations, assets and future investments.
The framework’s scope encompasses both physical and transition climate‑related risks, featuring a
Establishing Risk Evaluation Monitoring
comprehensive taxonomy of climate hazards and opportunities. It is supported by prioritisation criteria
the Context and Prioritisation and Continuous
and assessment guidelines the foundation for effective risk management. The framework includes the
Improvement
following key components: • Evaluates internal and • Aligns operation with
external factors Borouge’s vision and values • Conducts regular
• Impact Evaluation: Systematic assessment of potential impacts, timescales, exposure, and impacting risk exposure audits for compliance
• Accountability for budgeting,
organisational readiness to manage identified risks, considering both the magnitude and likelihood and effectiveness
• Aligns risk management procurement, sustainability,
of effects.
with Borouge’s business and governance • Reinforces safety through
• Vulnerability and Capacity Assessment: Evaluation of business segment vulnerabilities and the strategy for sustainability programs like AIPS
• 4 men; 2 nationals;
organisation’s overall capacity to respond to climate‑related risks.
diverse age group

=== [AR2025.pdf p138] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 138
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
E9 Climate E9.4 What are the current effects (during the reporting Answered above E11 Climate E11.2 How does the body or individual consider climate‑ Answered above
Strategy period) of climate‑related risks and opportunities on your Governance related risks and opportunities when overseeing your
organisation’s financial position, financial performance organisation’s strategy?
and cash flows for the reporting period (current
E11.3 Are performance metrics related to climate targets Answered above
financial effects)?
included in remuneration policies? If so, how?
E10 Climate E10.1 Describe the processes and policies your organisation Answered above
E11.4 Has your organisation delegated the role of overseeing Answered above
Strategy uses to identify, assess, prioritise, and monitor climate‑
climate‑related risks and opportunities to a specific
related risks, and the inputs and parameters used in
management‑level position or committee, and how is
these processes.
oversight over this role or committee exercised?
E10.2 Whether and how does your organisation use climate Answered above
E12 Climate E12.1 Are performance metrics related to climate targets Answered above
related scenario analysis to inform the identification of
Governance included in remuneration policies? If so, how?
climate‑related risks?
E11 Climate E11.1 Which governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or equivalent body S1.1 Ratio: CEO total compensation to median Full Time
Governance charged with governance) or individual(s) is responsible for oversight of climate‑related risks Equivalent (FTE) total compensation basic salary of Data is not public
and opportunities? S1 CEO Pay Ratio women to men for each employee
S1.2 Does your company report this metric in
Our Sustainability Policy serves as a roadmap for sustainability performance across Borouge. Our Data is not public
regulatory filings?
Executive Committee is accountable for sustainability goals and performance. During the Executive
Committee meetings ESG, CSR, and climate‑related topics are a standing agenda point to ensure S2 Gender S2.1 Ratio: Median male compensation to median female
shareholders are involved in integrating sustainability and meeting the goals. Pay ratio compensation
91% 93% 106%
The Executive Committee is supported by the Sustainability Committee which is dedicated to Ratio of basic salary of women to men for each
integrating these goals into our operations. There is a detailed delegation matrix with the Sustainability employee category
Senior Middle Junior
Committee representing the highest governance body, delegating responsibility for managing
Borouge’s economic, environmental, and social impacts. It plays a key role in setting objectives, Ratio of remuneration of women to men for 88% 93% 110%
targets, and KPIs while overseeing carbon management and circular economy initiatives. The each employee category
Senior Middle Junior
committee consists of nine members, operates under the sponsorship of the CEO and is chaired by the
VP of Sustainability, with the Sustainability Manager serving as its secretary. The committee includes S3 Employee S3.1 Percentage: Year‑over‑year change for full‑time
Answered below
cross‑functional leadership from operations, HSE, investor relations, marketing and strategy teams to Turnover employees
encourage company‑wide accountability.
S3.2 Percentage: Year‑over‑year change for
Answered below
part‑time employees
Borouge ensures that all the committee members have the appropriate skills and
competencies through: S3.3 Percentage: Year‑over‑year change for contractors/
Answered below
• Inclusion of VP‑level leaders from relevant departments in the committee consultants
• Ongoing training and awareness‑building across the organisation S4 Gender S4.1 Percentage: Total enterprise headcount held by men
Answered below
Diversity and women
• Integration of sustainability into leadership development and performance frameworks
S4.2 Percentage: Entry‑ and mid‑level positions held by men
Company‑wide accountability is also driven by sustainability KPIs which accounted for 17% of Answered below
and women
the Borouge scorecard for the reported period, in which performance is directly linked to our
remuneration policies. These scorecards are monitored in monthly reports and by the Corporate S4.3 Percentage: Senior‑ and executive‑level positions held
Answered below
Performance Committee. by men and women

=== [AR2025.pdf p139] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 139
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
S5 Temporary S5.1 Percentage: Total enterprise headcount held by Answered below S7 Nationalisation
Category Total Male Female UAE Singapore
Worker Ratio part‑time employees
S5.2 Percentage: Total enterprise headcount held by Answered below Full‑time employees 2997 2573 424 2543 159
contractors and/or consultant
Part‑time employees 0 0 0 0 0
S7 Nationalisation S7.1 Percentage of national employees, per employment Answered below
category
Full‑time remote employees 21 11 10 21 0
Locally employed workforce Locally employed senior management
Non‑guaranteed hours
47% 64.10% employees i.e zero hour 0 0 0 0 0
contracts
Total Number of Employees Employee Breakdown by Age Workers who are not
13 9 4 12 1
employees
Female Locally employed senior
64.10% 82.30% 17.64% ‑ ‑
management
424
Locally employed employees 47.00% 82.69% 17.30% ‑ ‑
Male
2,573 Under 30 30-50 Over 50
Category years old years old years old Local Non-local Female Male
This chart shows the data for 2025. The data in this graph shows the employee Percentage of
breakdown for the year 2025. employees per
Percentage of 11.87% 68.33% 19.78% 47% 53% 85.85% 14.14%
employee
employees that are Middle
category
Female Female <30 Years
Senior 0.0% 1.7% 3.2% 2.4% 1.2% 81.10% 18.86%
14.14% 22.20% 750
Middle 2.8% 16.2% 20.4% 17.2% 13.9% 77.70% 22.20%
Male Male 30–50 Years
85.85% 77.70% 2,025 Junior 97.2% 82.1% 76.4% 80.4% 84.9% 87.46% 12.53%
>50 Years
Senior Junior
Female Female 250
18.86% 12.53%
Male Male
81.10% 87.46%
Source: From Borouge 2025 Sustainability Report Source: From Borouge 2025 Sustainability Report

=== [AR2025.pdf p140] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 140
Employees Hired
Theme Disclosures
(Gender % by Age Group)
S7 Nationalisation
Category Total Male Female UAE Singapore
Female Female Female
New employee hires 187 164 23 169 9
9 12 23
New employee hires for local
76 62 14 71 5
employees Male Male Male
Employees entitled to 91% 88% 77%
200 182 18 193 7
parental leave
Employees that took
200 182 18 193 7 Under 30 years old 30–50 years Over 50 years old
parental leave
Employees that returned to
work in the reporting period 200 182 18 193 7
after parental leave ended
Employees Turnover
Retention rates of employees
100% 100% 100% 100% 100% (Gender % by Age Group)
that took parental leave
Percentage of employees
‑ 85.85% 14.14% ‑ ‑
per employee category Female Female Female
21 22 33
Senior ‑ 81.10% 18.86% ‑ ‑
Male Male Male
Middle ‑ 77.70% 22.20% ‑ ‑
79% 78% 67%
Junior ‑ 87.46% 12.53% ‑ ‑
Under 30 years old 30–50 years Over 50 years old
Employees Joining by Gender Employees Leaving by Gender
2025 164 23 187 2025 95 20 115 Theme Disclosures
2024 95 15 110 2024 160 59 219
S8 Non-discrimination S8.1 Does your company follow non-discrimination policy?
2023 74 14 88 2023 137 39 176
As part of our commitment to equality, we have a zero‑tolerance policy toward discrimination and
2022 74 29 103 2022 113 23 136 actively recruit from diverse talent pools. By offering fair opportunities to all qualified individuals,
we empower team members to contribute to our collective success. In 2025, this commitment was
2021 103 48 151 2021 109 24 133
reflected in our record of 0 reported incidents of discrimination. The Gender Balance Committee
is central to Borouge’s efforts in advancing gender equality. Its mandate includes supporting
2020 113 34 147 2020 113 30 143
ADNOC’s gender balance pledges, advising leadership on gender balance strategies, and
2019 178 54 232 2019 118 21 139 addressing gender balance challenges at Borouge. We strive to create a supportive and enabling
work environment, driving everyone’s well‑being and success. We have customised our facilities
2018 177 37 214 2018 308 42 350
to promote accessibility, integrating advanced technologies to meet unique needs, and fostering a
culture that values and celebrates all contributions.
Male Female Male Female

=== [AR2025.pdf p141] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 141
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
S9 Health, Safety G1 Board
S9.1 Does your company follow an occupational health and/or health & safety policy? G1.1 Does company prohibit CEO from serving as board chair? ‑ Yes
& Wellbeing Independence
We operate under ADNOC’s Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (HSEMS),
G1.2 Percentage: Total board seats occupied by independent board member ‑ One
Borouge’s Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems (OHSMS) and our Occupational
Health and Safety Policy which are designed to ensure compliance with applicable legal and G2 Board
G2.1 Percentage: Total board seats occupied by men and women ‑ 10 Men, 1 Women
regulatory requirements and to maintain high standards of health and safety across operations. Diversity
These are integrated into our risk management systems and Asset Integrity and Process Safety
G2.2 Percentage: Committee chairs occupied by men and women ‑ Not disclosed
(AIPS), supporting proactive hazard identification, risk assessment, and mitigation. Our AIPS is
specifically designed to identify, evaluate, and control significant process hazards and risks as
G3 Supplier Code
G3.1 Are your vendors or suppliers required to follow a Code of Conduct? ‑ Yes
well as capture lessons learnt for continued improvement.
of Conduct
ADNOC’s Health, Safety and Environment Management System is a framework that is used to G3.2 If yes, what percentage of your suppliers have formally certified their compliance
drive our strict adherence to protecting our employees, both direct hires and contractors. with the code ‑ 100%
We have aligned our system with ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001, and ISO 31000, and utilise
G4 Ethics &
a Plan‑Do‑Check‑Act cycle that keeps our employees safe. This HSEMS system is audited G4.1 Does your company follow an Ethics and/or Prevention of Corruption policy? ‑ Yes
Prevention
internally every year.
of Corruption G4.2 If yes, what percentage of your workforce has formally certified its compliance
Our HSE governance sits across corporate, asset, function and site levels, overseen by our with the policy ‑ 100%
dedicated Corporate HSE Committee. This committee represents 100% of our employees and
G5 Data Privacy
contractors by overseeing health, safety, and environmental (HSE) performance, reports to senior G5.1 Does your company follow a Data Privacy policy? ‑ Yes
leaderships, and supports alignment with Borouge’s HSE Excellence Journey. Our management‑
worker committees actively support and oversee the implementation of HSE programs and G5.2 Has your company taken steps to comply with GDPR rules? Yes/No ‑ Not 100%
initiatives, driving continued improvement in performance. The committee meets regularly to aligned with GDPR
review performance, capture lessons learnt, and address issues related to asset integrity, process
G6 Sustainability
safety, and contractor HSE management. It has the authority to recommend corrective actions, G6.1 Describe the sustainability‑related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be
Strategy
escalate issues to senior management, and drive closure of mandatory actions. expected to affect your organisation’s prospects ‑ Answered above (Climate Risk and
Risk Management)
S10 Injury Time
S10.1 Percentage: Frequency of injury events relative to total workforce time ‑ 0.07
G6.2 Describe the current and anticipated impacts of sustainability‑related risks and
S11 Child and
S11.1 Does your company follow a child and/or forced labour policy? ‑ Yes
opportunities on your organisation’s business model and value chain. ‑ Answered above
Forced Labour
(Climate Risk and Risk Management)
S11.2 If yes, does your child and/or forced labour policy also cover suppliers and vendors? ‑Yes
S12 Human Rights G6.3 Describe how your organisation responded to, and plans to respond to, sustainability‑
S12.1 Does your company follow a human rights policy? ‑ Yes
related risks and opportunities in its strategy and decision‑making. ‑ Answered above
(Climate Risk and Risk Management)
S12.2 If yes, does your human rights policy also cover suppliers and vendors? ‑ Yes
S13 Community S13.1 Amount invested in the community, as a percentage of company revenues G6.4 Describe the current and anticipated effects (during the reporting period) of sustainability‑
Investments related risks and opportunities on your organisation’s business model, financial position,
AED 300,460 / reported company revenues
performance, and cash flows. How are these risks considered in financial planning
(current financial effects)? ‑ Answered above (Climate Risk and Risk Management)

=== [AR2025.pdf p142] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 142
Theme Disclosures Theme Disclosures
G7 Sustainability G7.1 Describe the processes and policies your organisation uses to identify, assess, prioritise, G8 Sustainability G8.1 Which governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or equivalent body
Risks and monitor sustainability‑related risks, and the inputs and parameters used in these Governance charged with governance) or individual(s) is responsible for oversight of sustainability‑
Management processes. ‑ Answered above (Climate Risk and Risk Management) related risks and opportunities?
Our Executive Committee is accountable for sustainability goals and performance.
G7.2 How are the processes for identifying, assessing, prioritising and monitoring sustainability‑
related risks and opportunities integrated into and informing your organisation’s overall G8.2 How does the body or individual consider sustainability‑related risks and opportunities
enterprise risk management process? when overseeing your organisation’s strategy?
Our Path to Net Zero Our Sustainability Policy serves as a roadmap for sustainability performance across
Borouge. Our Executive Committee is accountable for sustainability goals and
2025 Targets 2030 Targets Net Zero by 2045
performance. During the Executive Committee meetings ESG, CSR, and climate‑related
Achieved In Progress Aspiration
topics are a standing agenda point to ensure shareholders are involved in integrating
sustainability and meeting the goals.
Energy GHG emissions Borouge’s sustainability vision is anchored
Intensity intensity reduction in a bold ambition: to achieve net zero Scope
1 and 2 emissions by 2045. This target reflects The Executive Committee is supported by the Sustainability Committee which is dedicated
30.4% 30% Borouge’s commitment to climate action to integrating these goals into our operations. There is a detailed delegation matrix with
and its role in supporting the UAE’s national the Sustainability Committee representing the highest governance body, delegating
against 2025 target against 2030 target decarbonisation agenda.
responsibility for managing Borouge’s economic, environmental, and social impacts.
of 28% reduction of 25% reduction
Borouge also maintains regular engagement It plays a key role in setting objectives, targets, and KPIs while overseeing carbon
with government entities, policymakers, and
management and circular economy initiatives. The committee consists of nine members,
Water Efficiency Energy intensity
regulatory authorities to monitor and respond
operates under the sponsorship of the CEO and is chaired by the VP of Sustainability,
reduction to evolving environmental and climate‑related
33% legislation. This proactive approach supports with the Sustainability Manager serving as its secretary. The committee includes cross‑
27%
compliance and policy development. functional leadership from operations, HSE, investor relations, marketing and strategy
against 2025 target
of 25% increase against 2030 target Borouge’s proactive approach to sustainability teams to encourage company‑wide accountability.
of 30% increase has already delivered a major milestone –
Reduce Scope 1 we have achieved our 2030 interim target Borouge ensures that all the committee members have the appropriate skills and
emissions five years ahead of schedule. These targets competencies through:
focused on critical areas such as reducing
• Inclusion of VP‑level leaders from relevant departments in the committee
30% energy and emissions intensity and eliminating
• Ongoing training and awareness‑building across the organisation
continuous flaring. By modeling future
against 2025 target business growth and expansion scenarios, • Integration of sustainability into leadership development and performance frameworks
of 22% reduction we have translated projected operational
changes into estimated emissions. The G8.3 Are performance metrics related to these targets included in remuneration policies?
Reduce Scope 2 results confirmed that even with planned If so, how?
emissions growth, Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity
in 2030 should remain below the targeted Company-wide accountability is also driven by sustainability KPIs which accounted
36% threshold. This achievement reflects the
for 17% of the Borouge scorecard for the reported period, in which performance
strength of Borouge’s strategic planning and
is directly linked to our remuneration policies. These scorecards are monitored in
against 2025 target of its commitment to embedding sustainability
19% reduction into its operations through the deployment of monthly reports and by the Corporate Performance Committee.
advanced carbon management processes,
implementation of energy efficiency measures,
G8.4 Has your organisation delegated the role of overseeing sustainability‑related risks and
and a continued review of mitigation strategies
opportunities to a specific management‑level position or committee, and how is oversight
to stay aligned with global best practices.
over this role or committee exercised? ‑ Same as above

=== [AR2025.pdf p143] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 143
Theme Disclosures
G9 Sustainability G9.1 What metrics does your organisation use to measure and monitor each sustainability‑
Targets related risk or opportunity identified above?
Refer to answer above (Climate Risk, Risk Management, Climate Risk Assessment)
G10 Disclosure G10.1 Does your company publish a sustainability report? ‑ Yes
Practices
G10.2 Does your company publish a GRI, IFRS, CDP, SASB, IIRC, or UNGC based report?
The report has been developed with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) Standards 2021, Taskforce for Climate Financial-related Disclosures (TCFD),
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Abu Dhabi Securities
Exchange (ADX).
G11 External G11.1 Are your sustainability disclosures assured or verified by a third‑party audit firm?
Assurance Limited assurance on selected consolidated environmental and social disclosures,
including Energy, Water and Effluents, Emissions, Waste, and Occupational Health
and Safety. The assurance was conducted in accordance with the International
Federation of Accountants’ (IFAC) International Standard on Assurance
Engagements (ISAE) 3000: Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information.
I1 Sustainability I1.1 Does your company publish a sustainability report? Yes/No ‑ Yes
Reporting
I2 ESG I2.1 Has your company received an ESG rating (solicited or unsolicited)? ‑ Yes
Ratings
I2.2 If yes, provide the latest overall ESG score.
CSA S&P Global: top 16%
CDP: C
I3 Stakeholder I3.1 Does your company engage with stakeholders on ESG/sustainability topics? ‑ Yes
Engagement
I3.2 If yes, report on frequency and effectiveness of engagement.
Stakeholders are engaged each time there is a refresh on the materiality
assessment or as needed.

=== [AR2025.pdf p144] ===
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025
Glossary

=== [AR2025.pdf p145] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 145
Glossary
Term Definition Term Definition
Calculated as EBITDA plus adjustments on foreign exchange gain B4 Borouge 4 plant
Adjusted EBITDA
or loss and impairment loss on property, plant and equipment
CAPEX Capital Expenditure
Adjusted operating
Calculated as adjusted EBITDA less Capital Expenditure
free cash flow CPP Cast polypropylene
ADX Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange
DfR Design for Recycling
AI Artificial Intelligence
EBITDA Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
AIDT Artificial Intelligence, Digitilisation and Technology
EPC Engineering, Procurement and Construction
Anteo™ is a family of transparent, high purity polyethylene
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
polymers designed for high performance flexible film packaging
applications. Enabled by Borstar® Bimodal Terpolymer Technology, ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Anteo™
Anteo™ grades deliver superior performance compared to similar
commercially available materials such as metallocene and high FEED Front‑end Engineering and Design
alpha olefin Linear Low Density Polyethylene.
FMCG Fast‑Moving Consumer Goods
APAC Asia‑Pacific
GenAI Generative Artificial Intelligence
BOPP Biaxially Oriented Polypropylene
HD High density
Borlink™ is Borealis’ proprietary cross linkable polyethylene
Calculated as adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow plus changes
technology platform that provides a complete suite of advanced
Borlink™ Free cash flow in working capital, less cash tax payments, less cash interest
materials, expertise and technical support for power transmission
payments, plus cash interest income
and distribution cable applications
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
Borstar is Borealis' state‑of‑the‑art multi‑modal proprietary
Borstar®
technology for manufacturing polyethylene and polypropylene HDPE High‑density polyethylene
B3 Borouge 3 plant HSE Health, Safety and Environment

=== [AR2025.pdf p146] ===
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES GLOSSARY Borouge PLC Annual Report 2025 146
Glossary
Term Definition Term Definition
IFAC International Federation of Accountants Premia Defined as equal to the difference between Borouge’s average
sales price and benchmark prices
IPO Initial Public Offering
R&D Research and Development
ISAE International Standard on Assurance Engagements
rLDPE Recycled Low‑Density Polyethylene
IV Intravenous
ROIC Return on Invested Capital
KPIs Key Performance Indicators
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
Kt Kilotonnes
RoW Rest of the World
Ktpa Kilotonnes per annum
SDGs Sustainable Development Goals
LDPE Low density polyethylene
SUV Sport Utility Vehicle
MEA Middle East and Africa
TCFD Task Force on Climate‑related Financial Disclosures
Mtpa Million tonnes per annum
Total Recordable Injury Rate is calculated as the number of injuries
TRIR
per 1,000,000 hours worked
PCR Post‑consumer recycled
TSR Total shareholder return
PE Polyethylene
UAE United Arab Emirates
POF Polyolefin films
USD US Dollar
PP Polypropylene
XLPE Cross‑linked polyethylene