
=== [AR2024.pdf p1] ===
Accelerated
growth and
value creation
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024

=== [AR2024.pdf p2] ===
Introduction Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our vision
Accelerated growth
The recognised leader in creative polyolefin
solutions that have a positive impact on
society today and tomorrow.
through people,
technology and
Our mission
Value creation through people and innovation.
product innovation
Committed to providing creative solutions for a wide
Our values
range of industries and customers around the world,
At Borouge, we are one family working together in
we contribute to addressing global challenges such
making Borouge a greater place for us and
generations to come, through living and breathing
as climate change, food waste and scarcity, access
our five values of being: progressive, collaborative,
to fresh water, energy transition, healthcare support responsible, respectful and efficient.
and waste management.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 1

=== [AR2024.pdf p3] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Contents
Financial
Strategic Report Governance Report
Industry-leading profitability, high cash
At a Glance 3 Board of Directors 64
generation and strong balance sheet
Highlights 7 Executive Management 71
Market Overview 9 Board Committees 74 drive significant through-the-cycle
Investment Case 14 General Information 77
shareholder returns.
Our Business Model 17 Ethics & Compliance Programme 81
Our Strategy 19 Transactions with Related Parties 83 See more details on page: 35
Chief Financial Officer’s Review 35
Financial Statements
Key Metrics 37
Board of Directors’ Report 85
Business Review – Operations 38 Commercial
Independent Auditor’s Report 86
Business Review – Sales and Marketing 43
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 89
Business Review – Technology and Innovation 45
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Superior technology, continuous innovation
Sustainability Summary 47 Comprehensive Income 90
Our People 52 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 91 and an extensive sales and distribution
Risk Management 55 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 92 footprint drive premium polyolefins pricing.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 93
See more details on page: 43
Operational
Record utilisation rates and
production volumes while maintaining
best-in-class HSE standards.
See more details on page: 38
Visit us at Borouge.com
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 2

=== [AR2024.pdf p4] ===
At a Glance Who we Are Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Overview
Borouge is a leading
In numbers
Publicly listed on the Abu Dhabi Thanks to the integration of advanced AI solutions,
significant research and development capability
Securities Exchange (ADX),
petrochemicals and more than 1,200 active patents, Borouge
Borouge PLC is a leading offers investors a highly attractive long-term value Established in
petrochemical company proposition.
company that
specialising in differentiated The Company’s high utilisation rates – 110% for PE 1998
polyethylene and polypropylene and 98% for PP in 2024 – demonstrate Borouge’s
provides creative ability to maximise its assets as it serves some of
polymers for use across a wide
the world’s fastest growing economies. Now, with Employs over
range of applications and the Borouge 4 expansion project achieving 83%
polyolefin solutions industries. completion, the Company looks forward to 2,900
increasing its production capacity to reliably serve
global markets.
With a workforce in excess of 2,900 people and
for a wide range
a global network of 14 offices and 13 logistics Nationalities
hubs, the Company serves customers in more
than 90 countries and territories through an 50
of industries.
integrated supply chain structure and proprietary
Borstar® technologies.
Legal structure
The business was established in 1998,
as a strategic partnership between the Abu Dhabi National Oil Borealis Middle East Holding
Free Float
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) Company (ADNOC) GmbH (BMEH)
and Borealis, one of the world’s leading 10%
providers of advanced and sustainable
54% Borouge PLC 36% 15.25%
polyolefin solutions. (ADGM entity)
Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd. (Borouge) 100% 84.75%
Borouge Pte. Ltd. (PTE)
Sole Proprietorship LLC (ADP)
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 3

=== [AR2024.pdf p5] ===
At a Glance Who we Are continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our operating entities Leading provider of innovative
Polyethylene (PE) and
Through our integrated operational structure, we maintain and differentiated polyolefin Polypropylene (PP) products
world-class facilities and capabilities across our key solutions
business segments:
Borouge’s diverse product range showcases
our commitment to innovation and market Focus on differentiated products
estimated 80% of total sales
responsiveness. Our portfolio, dominated by
high-value differentiated products, reflects our
ability to meet evolving customer needs
across various industries and applications.
Premium pricing with through-the-
cycle premia guidance of USD 200
per tonne for polyethylene and USD
140 per tonne for polypropylene
Total sales volume split (FY2024, 5.3mt)
By product group By geography By end markets
Production Sales and Marketing
• World-class facilities in Al Ruwais • Direct sales channels reaching
Industrial City. global markets.
• Asset reliability at 98.5%. • 14 offices and 13 logistics
hubs worldwide.
• Utilisation rates exceeding
design capacity by 4.5%. • Strategic market presence
in high-growth regions. Polyethylene (PE) 58% APAC 63% Customer solutions 57%
Polypropylene (PP) 42% MEA 30% Infrastructure solutions 40%
Production Volume Sales Volume RoW 7% Other 3%
5.2mt 5.3mt
record PO production Sources: Company Information
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 4

=== [AR2024.pdf p6] ===
AAtt aa GGllaannccee WGlhoebrael wPree ospenercaete Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our global presence
continues to grow
Finland
Our global sales and marketing organisation,
Sweden
backed by strong logistics, leverages our
Middle Eastern production and Singapore
platform to expand into growth markets. Austria
Beijing
Seoul Tokyo
Offices worldwide Logistics hubs strategically located Cairo New Delhi Shanghai
14 13 Ruwais
Guangzhou
Abu Dhabi
Mumbai
Bangkok
Ho Chin Minh City
Our International presence
Singapore
Head Office: ADP Company Nairobi
Head Office: PTE
Jakarta
Petrochemical Complex
Compounding Plant
Borouge Innovation Centre
Sales, Marketing & Representative Offices
Borealis Innovation Centre
Application Centre
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 5

=== [AR2024.pdf p7] ===
At a Glance Our End Markets Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Enabling everyday life
Greenhouse films Packaging Healthcare
Borouge is focusing extensively Consistency and material Borouge provides a dedicated
on promoting sustainable and advantages are key benefits of range of Bormed™ polyolefins
innovative farming solutions with our packaging portfolio, ensuring tailored for the healthcare sector.
its unique Borstar® products. produce is kept fresh without This includes polyethylene and
We are collaborating with various compromising on sustainability. polypropylene grades for both rigid
stakeholders across the value As part of our circularity ambition, and flexible products, ensuring a
chain, including universities, R&D Borouge is committed to consistent approach across
companies, government agencies developing sustainable solutions medical applications, regardless
and progressive commercial using unique technology to provide of technology or polymer type.
farmers to promote our innovative a differentiated range of products The extensive Bormed™ range
solutions that contribute towards that enable solutions for both meets technical requirements.
food security. flexible and rigid applications.
Infrastructure Energy solutions Pipes and fittings
With over 50 years of experience, Energy surrounds us, transported Reliable and durable pipe solutions
Borouge and Borealis deliver through cables in buildings, streets, are vital in helping to eliminate
materials for advanced polyolefin underground, overhead and losses, save energy and better serve
infrastructure solutions that allow underwater. Given the cables’ communities and industries in the
the pipe industry to better serve a crucial role and installation future. Water and sanitation systems
variety of communities worldwide. challenges, safety, reliability and made of conventional pipe materials
longevity are essential. The cable sometimes struggle with water losses
jacket protects the cable from as high as 50%. Fully welded
external influences and is vital for polyethylene and polypropylene pipe
safeguarding. systems significantly reduce
leakages, providing the most efficient
and reliable solutions.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 6

=== [AR2024.pdf p8] ===
Highlights Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Outstanding annual performance in 2024
Higher sales volumes, cost discipline and excellent utilisation rates
supported an exceptional operational and financial performance in Financial Operational
2024. With an asset reliability of 98.5%, premia of USD 198/tonne for
EBITDA margin Net profit margin Asset utilisation
PE and USD 150/tonne for PP and cash conversion of 93%, Borouge
is well-positioned to pay a USD 1.3 billion dividend for FY2024. 41% 21% 104%
Premia Premia Asset reliability
On the financial front, Borouge recorded
198 150 98.5%
EBITDA margins of 41%, a net profit increase
of 24% YoY, and an impressive cash conversion Our focus on Environmental, USD USD
rate of 93%. These outcomes highlight Social and Governance /tonne for PE /tonne for PP Overall
Borouge’s capacity to provide ongoing value
to its stakeholders while pushing forward its aspects ensures that we Net debt to EBITDA Cash conversion Sales volume
strategic initiatives. Notably, the Borouge are aligned with global,
1.1x 93% 5.3mt
4 project is now 83% complete, alongside
best-in-class practices,
groundbreaking AI-driven projects that are
set to transform the Company’s operations. as demonstrated by our as of 31 December 2024
Production volume
Borouge’s commitment to safety is reflected in inclusion in the S&P Global Dividend
5.2mt
our outstanding performance in 2024. The Total
LargeMidCap ESG Index,
Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) for 2024 was 1.3bn
0.07, lower than the previous year. reflecting our efforts towards USD
Sustainability.
ESG
Emissions Energy intensity Environmental expenditure
82.6 17.9 13.3m
USD
KtCOe
2
abatement coming GJ/T
from new projects in 2024
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 7

=== [AR2024.pdf p9] ===
Highlights continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Year in review
Financial performance Our strong financial performance in 2024 Strategic growth The Borouge 4 expansion project reached
demonstrated our business model’s resilience 83% completion in 2024, marking a significant
Industry-leading and our strategy’s effectiveness. Revenue Strategic expansion milestone in our growth journey. Upon
reached USD 6 billion, supported by record completion, this strategic initiative will increase
EBITDA margins sales volumes and premium pricing for projects progressing our production capacity by 1.4 million tonnes,
differentiated products. We maintained transforming Al Ruwais Industrial City into the
on schedule
industry-leading EBITDA margins of 41% world’s largest single-site polyolefin complex.
while achieving our highest-ever quarterly The project remains on schedule and will
sales volumes of 1.5kt. generate additional annual revenue of around
USD 1 billion.
EBITDA margin Additional production capacity from Borouge 4
41% 1.4mt
Operational excellence Expanding market reach Sustainability leadership Leading the AI and digitalisation
Record production levels with utilisation Highest-ever sales volumes Our inaugural ESG score ranked in the top revolution
rates exceeding design capacity quintile of over 500 chemical companies Demonstrating our commitment to
measured by S&P Global technological advancement and efficiency
We achieved unprecedented operational Our strategic expansion into new markets strengthens Our inclusion in the S&P Global LargeMidCap Our comprehensive value creation programme
performance in 2024, with asset reliability at our global footprint, with new offices in South Korea ESG index in 2024 validated our initiatives towards delivered significant results in 2024, focusing on
98.5% and exceptional utilisation rates of 110% and Kenya enhancing our presence to 14 offices sustainability and robust ESG practices. We operational excellence and innovation. Implementing
for polyethene and 98% for polypropylene. worldwide. This direct network covers more than 80 advanced towards our 2045 net-zero emissions digital solutions across our operations, including
Production reached record levels of 5.2 million per cent of volumes while optimising margin capture target, setting interim goals to reduce greenhouse real-time optimisation systems processing over 150,000
tonnes, demonstrating our operational efficiency across key growth regions. gas emissions by 25% in 2030. parameters hourly, demonstrates our commitment to
and ability to exceed design capacity while technological advancement and efficiency.
maintaining world-class safety standards.
Logistics hubs By 2024, we successfully abated over
Value Generation
Production Volume 13 500KtCO eq
5.2mt globally 2 573m
marking a significant milestone in our decarbonisation USD
journey that began in 2018.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 8

=== [AR2024.pdf p10] ===
Market Overview Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Capitalising on global
01
megatrends and
Global megatrends
high-growth markets
Rapid urbanisation in high-growth markets, rising Growth in population Food waste Water access
incomes and accelerated infrastructure development are and emerging economies and scarcity and sanitation
just some of the many factors driving the growing need Rapid urbanisation across Asia Advanced packaging Durable pipe systems address
for advanced materials and specialised solutions. From and Africa drives infrastructure technologies extend food critical water infrastructure
demand while expanding shelf life in developing regions, needs, while innovative polymer
food waste to the energy transition, water infrastructure
middle-class populations while sustainable agriculture technologies enable robust
and the circular economy, the world presents a myriad
creates new sustainable solutions enhance resource sanitation solutions in
of challenges that Borouge is well positioned to address solutions opportunities. efficiency and crop yields. developing regions.
and capitalise on in 2025 and beyond.
Healthcare and Circular Energy
hygiene demand economy transition
Healthcare infrastructure Our recyclable polyolefin Renewable energy
expansion in emerging markets solutions transform material infrastructure demands
requires advanced materials lifecycles while integrated specialised materials, while
while rising hygiene standards recycled content maintains our lightweight solutions
drive demand for specialised performance standards support automotive
medical solutions. across our product portfolio. electrification and reduced
carbon footprints.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 9

=== [AR2024.pdf p11] ===
Market Overview continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
02
Serving high-growth markets
Global polyolefins demand 2025, % of global total
Polyolefins demand growth,
2025-2029 CAGR %
Borouge markets
4.1% Near-term drivers Programme, which Borouge actively supports and
from which it benefits.
2024 brought cautious optimism for steady market development
with a stable market demand as a result of a gradual easing of
Ongoing stimulus policies
Rest of the World inflation and strong economic fundamentals.
China remains the largest polyolefin market, with its
1.6% Additionally, increased geopolitical tensions and disruptions economic health tied to regional businesses. In 2024,
to value chains created new opportunities for business the country introduced new stimulus packages to
Asia 61% development and market penetration. boost consumer confidence and expedite growth.
MEA 9% Strong exports have helped to drive demand for
Robust growth in emerging economies
RoW 30% polyolefin in manufacturing. In addition, expansionary
India, ASEAN, and the GCC (including our home market of the monetary policies by several major central banks have
UAE) showed strong economic growth in 2024. This boosted supported general global economic growth,
polyolefin demand in infrastructure and consumer sectors. consumption and stability.
India’s growth was particularly notable, driven by infrastructure
expansion, while ASEAN demand increased due to reshoring in Geopolitical tensions
consumer electronics, textiles, footwear, machinery and In 2024, geopolitical tensions persisted, impacting
electrical industries. This, combined with a rising middle-class global markets. Escalated conflicts in the Middle East
population, represents an exciting growth opportunity for continued to threaten shipping routes, particularly
Borouge. Closer to home, the UAE and Middle East sustained through the Red Sea. Uncertainties surrounding a
economic growth, inward investment and diversification – all new US administration also provided a layer of
factors that will sustain polyolefin consumption, further unpredictability for global trade.
supported by the UAE’s national In-Country Value (ICV)
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 10

=== [AR2024.pdf p12] ===
Market Overview continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
03
Organic growth
and substitution
Organic growth Material substitution
Infrastructure expansion and urbanisation are boosting demand in Advanced polyolefins are replacing traditional materials due to
emerging markets, particularly in Asia and the Middle East. better performance and sustainability. Environmental regulations
Economic recovery continues to stimulate consumer confidence and corporate commitments are accelerating this shift, especially
and industrial output while smart cities and transportation networks in automotive, construction and packaging. Technological
are developing rapidly, driving the ongoing need for polyolefin advancements in Borstar® technology support the creation of
solutions. A growing middle class is further amplifying high-performance materials that meet industry standards and
consumption, creating multiple growth opportunities in reduce environmental impact.
construction, packaging and consumer goods.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 11

=== [AR2024.pdf p13] ===
Market Overview continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
04
Supported by indications
of supply improvement
Industry outlook
Assets under Value chain Geographic
For the past two years, the polyolefin industry has faced
strategic review integration diversification
a down cycle, resulting in squeezed margins for producers
Some producers in Europe and More producers are focused on Producers with the ability
and lower operating rates of manufacturing assets. This
the Asia Pacific have been value chain integration to identify and flexibility to diversify their
has been exacerbated by waves of capacity additions in conducting strategic reviews of enhanced efficiency in the geographic exposure are more
China. This short-term oversupply has led to increased their assets, and we are also supply chain, downstream able to address the short-term
competition. However, we remain optimistic about the seeing signs of industry products, and improved cost challenges faced. Expanding
consolidation. We anticipate position in feedstock. capabilities across various
long-term industry outlook from the supply side.
more capacity rationalisation in regions facilitates better market
This strategic approach
the near future. These factors access and risk management.
provides cost advantages and
would create a more sustainable
operational stability, and it This strategy also helps to
and healthy industry structure.
attracts premium segments mitigate regional market volatility
Apart from the above, some of
through personalised customer and provides access to new
the investment projects are
engagement and tailored growth opportunities.
observing delays which further
solutions.
reduces the supply pressure.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 12

=== [AR2024.pdf p14] ===
Market Overview continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Capturing sustainable high-growth opportunities
Launch of BB1530 – solutions for blow FB1200 greenhouse film HE3490-LS drainage system
moulding of containers Our partnership with Qujing Plastics Group in China saw us develop a new Through its HE3490-LS drainage system, Borouge was able to meet the
greenhouse film using Borstar® FB1200 in 2024. Designed for agriculture, demands of a highly challenging project at the Kakrapar Atomic Power
In 2024, Borouge introduced BB1530, a high-performance HDPE solution
it diffuses sunlight naturally, eliminating the need for colour masterbatch Plant in Gujarat, India. The plant required 160 large drainage tanks for its
that we designed to make containers lighter, stronger and more
additives that can complicate recycling. Farmers in Yunnan have reported cooling and wastewater systems – but the pipe manufacturer Sangir
sustainable. This material’s unique properties allow industrial users to
multiple benefits from the film, including better recyclability, reduced pest Plastics Pvt Ltd faced challenges at the site, including a high water table
replace heavier materials like metal, reducing container weight by over
attraction, and improved crop yields. and the need for durable, leak-proof tanks. Concrete tanks had already
50%. It also makes handling easier and cuts CO emissions during
2 been ruled out due to installation delays and shorter lifespans.
transport. By shielding plants from harsh sunlight (while also enhancing light
diffusion), our new film protects crops and boosts productivity. Like so Partnering with Borouge, Sangir Plastics decided to use BorSafe™
BB1530’s durability also makes it more stress-and-crack resistant while
many of our other solutions, FB1200 offers durability and environmental HE3490-LS, our high-density polyethylene (HDPE) material, which is
avoiding corrosion – making it ideal for applications like water containers
benefits that make it a sustainable choice for modern farming. The lightweight and corrosion-resistant. The use of BorSafe™ HE3490-LS has
and petrol cans. It also supports the circular economy by enabling up to
collaboration also demonstrates how advanced materials like Borstar® also helped ensure that the tanks can withstand ground forces and
50% recycled content without compromising performance. One example
FB1200 can address agricultural challenges while supporting recyclability buoyancy, while the HDPE pipes and tanks were welded for a seamless,
of its potential industrial application includes its use in solar floats for
and reducing waste. leak-proof system. We were delighted that the project was completed
renewable energy generation, where it demonstrates excellent strength
efficiently, and the new reactors began operations in 2023. BorSafe™
and sustainability. With this in mind, BB1530 is yet another practical
HE3490-LS proved essential for durability, ease of installation, and
response from Borouge to the growing global demands for recyclable,
long-term reliability, contributing to India’s growing energy infrastructure.
durable materials that meet future environmental regulations.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 13

=== [AR2024.pdf p15] ===
Investment case Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Creating long-term value
As a trusted global leader in premium polyolefins solutions, Borouge is ideally
placed to leverage its strengths and competitive advantages to continue to
deliver sustainable value for our shareholders and all our stakeholders.
World-class production platform Technology & market access High-growth markets
01 Global polyolefin platform with 02 Powered by Borstar® technology 03 Robust industry environment
advantaged cost position and enhanced by direct access to with strong long-term demand
building on world-class facilities global markets
Accelerated market leadership Sustainability Financial strength
04 Leader in premium 05 Sustainability focus and 06 Strong financial profile and
differentiated polyolefins commitment to drive reliable through-the-cycle
solutions commanding industry transition dividend capacity
premium prices
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 14

=== [AR2024.pdf p16] ===
Investment case continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Creating long-term value continued
World-class production platform Technology & market access
01 02
Borealis proprietary Borstar® technology Africa, supported by direct sales channels
enables the production of differentiated polyolefin reaching 90% of sales volume, provides strong
grades with superior properties and processability. market access. Nine international logistics hubs
Our strategically located marketing footprint strengthen our distribution capabilities.
across the Asia Pacific, the Middle East and
Our distribution capability
is strengthened by a network
of global logistics hubs in
nine international locations.
We own and operate one of the largest single-site integrated polyolefins platforms, with an annual
production nameplate capacity of 5mt/y. Our young asset base, 90% under 14 years old, maintains
UAE
industry-leading reliability levels. The transformational Borouge 4* project will add 1.4mt/y of polyolefin
capacity upon recontribution.
Young asset Borouge 4 additional Annual polyolefins Percentage of sales from
Asia Pacific
base with annual capacity production capacity Asia Pacific, the Middle East
and Africa
90% 1.4mt 5mt Africa
90%
of assets under the age
of 14 years old
* B orouge 4 was carved out from Borouge PLC prior to the IPO and is expected to be re-contributed into Borouge in 2026.
The Borouge 4 project is being fully managed by Borouge on behalf of the project owners, ADNOC and Borealis.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 15

=== [AR2024.pdf p17] ===
Investment case continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Creating long-term value continued
High-growth markets Sustainability
03 05
We serve high-growth markets, which account for Polyolefin demand vs GDP growth in Our sustainability ethos, transparent reporting,
87% of forecast global demand growth between CAGR 2025 – 2029 (%) and long-term, ambitious environmental
2025 and 2029. Our solutions address critical efficiency targets in our operations set us
megatrends, including population growth, apart in our industry. Our solutions are
4.1
healthcare needs, food security, the circular intended to be safe, durable, lightweight and
economy, water access and energy transition. 3.8 are found in applications that address global
challenges, such as food security, improved
PO Demand Growth GDP Growth healthcare, and access to energy, water and
sanitation. We invest in innovation to
strengthen our competitive advantages
and improve the quality and sustainability of
our products.
Accelerated market leadership Financial strength
04 06
Our portfolio of advanced polyolefin solutions is Our rapidly growing Our industry-leading financial performance
distinguished by its exceptional quality, durability reflects our balance sheet strength and prudent
penetration into high-growth
and performance across diverse applications. capital management. We delivered 2024 EBITDA
This gives us a unique positioning as a provider markets drive demand margins of 41%, a performance enabled by
of superior-quality solutions based on customer our track record of strong cash generation,
across Asia, the Middle
engagement and feedback. supporting reliable dividend capacity, with
East and Africa. a 6.6% dividend yield for FY2024*.
* Based on share price of AED 2.40 as of 31 December 2024.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 16

=== [AR2024.pdf p18] ===
Our Business Model Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Sustainable value creation for our stakeholders
Borouge’s business model is built on a foundation of innovation, operational excellence and strategic
partnerships. We create value by leveraging Borealis proprietary Borstar® technology and world-class
production facilities to deliver differentiated polyolefin solutions that address global challenges.
Inputs Unlocking sustainable How we make a difference For our
value and growth stakeholders…
Operational scale Expertise
5.0mt/y polyolefin capacity 100+ scientists, researchers and technicians Our shareholders
to drive innovation.
Young asset base ‘C
90% of capacity is less than 14 years old om Research labs 41%
B
e
p
D s
o
o
if t
w
r
i f m e
s
e
r
t
r
a
a
e
in
t
r
e n
g
®
d t i
t
i
a
n
8
e
t
n
0
c
e
o
%
h
d
v
n
a
p o
o
t
f r
i
l
o
o
o
to
n
d
g
t u a
y
l c s ts a les a bility E a c o n n d o my
Feedstock sourcing
Producti
m
on
o d ity
’
p
a th
2 p
N M co
5 r
e o
o
m w
p
r
c
e e
o e
p s t
l s y
h r
s m
f a o r
in
o n
e
d
g
m
r
2 u
a r
0 c n
e n
% t e
s d e
w i n o
a a
f p n
r p c
B r o
p
o
h
o v
l
d
i
r
c l
a
a
o u
a
t
b
u c i
t
o
i
g
s
t
o
i e n
f n
n
o
’ n s
t r e
o a
a s
v n
n t
a
i
n
a n
ti u
l g
o
y
a n
. s
l
i
s
s
s .
,
a les volume
A
E
O
B
d
u
j
I
r
u
T
p
s
D
t
e
e
A
o
d
p
m
l
a
e
rgin
L
in
o
p
n
la
g
c
-t
e
e
w
rm
ith
f e
A
e
D
d
N
s
O
to
C
c k
u n
a
t
g
il
r
2
e
0
e
5
m
7
ent
S u
st ai n
Cir c
ul ar P
Bo
a
r
t
o
e
u
n
g
ts
e has filed more than
3
Sta
1
ff
2
trai
,
n
0
ing
0
ho
0
urs
1,200 patent applications.
Nearly 25 years of experience Our customers
delivering exceptional n nI Addressing global challenges
s
T t s o u
h
r u p
a
o s
r
p u
e
t l r i e
h
e c d
o
r u s
l
s
d
b a t
e
r o n a
r
m d n
re
e d p
t
r
u
a s
r
r ,
n
t e n
s
m er p s loyees, ‘V a lu e c re appli E c n a d ti o U n s s er
noitavo O
f c h s o a h e
u
u n a a
r
n i l l t
s
d l t a e h
o
t o n i c
l
o
u
n g a n
t i
e r a
o
. e s p W
n
, , p
s
a e s l
a
i c u c a
r
c a c
e
re e t h i
s
o s a
a
a n s l
f
s s s
e
t o
,
o w f o
d
g h e o
u
r i o n c d
ra
w e h
b
s r in a g e
le
g d y c
,
, d u o
l i
w r
g
r u e i
h
a r t s y
t
t c s
w
, e i r g i r
e
c m l
i
a u o
g
p n l b
h
a r d a
t
r o l
a
v
n
e
d
d
are 9
A O s u s
8
r e c t o
.
re m
5
li m a
%
b u il n it i y ti e o s f B a o n r d o u e g n e v i R ro u n w m ai e s n p t lant
a tio n’ path Ma d r is k t e r t ib in u g t i a o n n d s su o s lu ta tio in n a s b a le n d so in lu n ti o o v n a s t i e o v n e f r o y r d d a if y fe . rentiated 6
Vol
5
unt
7
eer hours
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 17
+
ssecorp
noitaerc
eulaV
+
segatnavda
evititepmoC
USD 2.93bn
Dividends paid
since IPO

=== [AR2024.pdf p19] ===
Our Business Model continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Value creation process Competitive advantages
Inputs Activities Outputs Impact • Borealis proprietary Borstar® technology enables the
production of differentiated products
• Borealis proprietary • Research and development • Differentiated polyolefin • Consistent value creation for
Borstar® technology of innovative polyolefin products for infrastructure, shareholders
• Strategic location in Al Ruwais Industrial City, providing
• World-class production solutions energy, mobility, healthcare, • Contribution to economic cost advantages
facilities • Efficient production of agriculture and advanced diversification in the UAE
• Strategic partnerships with high-quality polyethylene packaging industries • Advancement of circular • Strong market presence in high-growth regions
ADNOC and Borealis and polypropylene • Industry-leading EBITDA economy solutions
• Robust innovation capabilities with over 1,200 • Skilled workforce of over • Strategic expansion margins • Support for global active patents
2,900 employees of production capacity • Sustainable solutions sustainability goals
• Global marketing and addressing global • Industry-leading operational efficiency and reliability
distribution megatrends
• Focus on operational
excellence
and sustainability
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 18
+
stupnI
+
htworg
dna
eulav
elbaniatsus
gnikcolnU
+
…sredlohekats
ruo
roF

=== [AR2024.pdf p20] ===
Our Strategy Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
A focused strategy Our strategic pillars:
to drive our business Excellence
HSE and operational excellence Innovation and commercial excellence AI, Digitalisation and Technology
• Maintain industry-leading safety standards. • Leverage Borealis proprietary Borstar® • Leverage Artificial Intelligence, Digitalisation
• Optimise asset utilisation and reliability. technology to develop differentiated products. and Technology (AIDT) to create value,
To realise our vision of becoming the • Drive continuous improvement in • Collaborate with Borealis innovation hubs to innovation, and enhance productivity of
undisputed leader in innovative and operational efficiency. create cutting-edge solutions. processes.
• Optimise our commercial operations to drive • Develop strategic partnerships to develop
impact-driven polyolefin solutions, we growth and value creation, leveraging industry and deliver enhanced AI solutions.
have implemented a targeted strategy best practices and technologies. • Promote AI awareness/adoption across the
organisation and upskill the workforce.
built on three core pillars. This strategy
Growth
ensures that every business decision
and the actions of our colleagues align
A growing portfolio of Growing circular Value accretive capacity
with our business objectives and
differentiating solutions economy solutions expansion projects
values, creating a positive impact for
• Expand product range for emerging • Increase production of recyclable and • Complete Borouge 4 expansion to increase
today and tomorrow. applications and markets. recycled content products. production capacity by 28%.
• Develop sustainable solutions addressing • Collaborate with value chain partners to • Explore international growth opportunities,
global megatrends. advance circular economy initiatives. including a feasibility study on planned
speciality polyolefins plant in China.
Identity
Strong and cohesive Corporate citizenship and Borouge branding
identity culture ESG commitment • Strengthen brand recognition as a leader
• Foster a culture of innovation and sustainability. • Advance towards net-zero emissions in innovative polyolefin solutions.
• Promote diversity and inclusion across target by 2045. • Enhance customer engagement through
the organisation. • Support local communities and contribute direct sales channels.
to UAE’s economic diversification.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 19

=== [AR2024.pdf p21] ===
OOuurr SSttrraatteeggyy ccoonnttiinnuueedd Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Excellence
Borouge’s commitment to excellence
spans HSE, operations, innovation and
commercial practices. We continuously
strive to enhance operational efficiency,
maintain industry-leading safety standards,
and leverage cutting-edge technologies to
drive innovation. Our focus on excellence
ensures we deliver superior products and
maintain our competitive edge in the global
polyolefins market.
Asset utilisation Record PO production
104% 5.2mt
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 20

=== [AR2024.pdf p22] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Excellence
HSE and operational excellence
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE) at Borouge is demonstrated through • Restructured the HSE Excellence Journey and • Sustain and improve HSE performance by
launched behavioural-based safety platforms continuing the HSE Excellence Journey with a
comprehensive programmes focusing on HSE Culture Transformation, Asset
to drive HSE culture transformation. focus on implementation of the LEAP framework,
Integrity, Process Safety and Environmental Stewardship. Site-wide and regional • Implemented wellness campaigns for plant Environmental Stewardship and Wellness
collaboration through the HSE Excellence Journey ensures these initiatives are employees and contractors. campaigns for our employees and contractors.
effectively implemented. • Completed HSEIA assessments for Borouge 1, • Through the HSE Excellence Journey, renewed
2, and 3 to mitigate HSE impacts of projects. compliance to the AIPS Assurance Programme
and Contractor HSE Management through risk
Operational excellence is achieved by optimising asset utilisation, enhancing • Achieved record Olefins and Polyolefins management and compliance programs.
production of 5.2 million tonnes, a 5.5%
production efficiency and leveraging technology. Record operating and asset increase from the previous year. • Continued focus on HSE and Production
reliability performance is enabled by Production Excellence, Asset Management Excellence with a keen focus on AI and
• Delivered high asset utilisation: PE at 110%,
Digitalisation tools to enhance plant
Excellence and Technical Excellence, maintaining industry-leading safety standards PP at 98%.
performance, asset integrity and process safety.
and operational performance. • Implemented Real-Time Optimisation (RTO) in
• Benchmarking our Operational Availability
Olefins, and the hazard detection and real
Improvement Programme with a goal to optimise
wear navigator pilots in Borouge 4 and the
downtime as part of Asset Management
Ruwais Distribution Centre respectively.
Excellence.
• Enhanced ESG efforts by improving energy
• Ensure a safe and on-time execution of Borouge
efficiency, maximising HC recovery, optimising
3 turnaround.
flaring to achieve 82.6 ktCOe GHG emissions
abatement, and improving w 2 aste segregation • Operational and HSE readiness of Borouge 4
and recycling to reduce landfill. with safe commissioning and smooth takeover.
Key stats
Record PO production Utilisation rate
• 0.07 Total Recordable Injury
5.2mt 104%
Rate (TRIR)
• 0 Process Safety Events GHG Emissions Abatement
(T1/T2) of 82.6 ktCO 2 e
Overall asset reliability
98.5%
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 21

=== [AR2024.pdf p23] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Excellence
Innovation and commercial excellence
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Strong focus on Innovation, further complemented through collaboration with • Launched five polyethylene products, • Develop product portfolio and prepare market
including two next-generation AnteoTM readiness for upcoming Borouge 4 expansion.
Borealis. Leverage Borealis proprietary Borstar® technology to develop differentiated
products, FK1510 and FK1516, for flexible • Leverage new technologies to improve the
and sustainable solutions with superior properties. Continuous innovation to support packaging applications. speed of innovation.
value creation and circular economy. • Launched four polypropylene grades, • Continue to work closely with Borealis innovation
including the first healthcare grade in team to sustain high differentiation in product
Focus on AI and Digitalisation to increase the speed-to-market of new products, Borouge, Bormed™ RG868MO, meeting all portfolio.
medical requirements and block copolymer
pioneer new applications and lock-in value chain and key customers. product, BF971MO, with excellent stiffness, • Continue to refine processes with reference to
changing market dynamics to deliver service
toughness balance and sustainability benefits.
differentiation.
Provide premium differentiated solutions across the largest and fastest growing • Strengthened our Circular Economy Solution
• Continuously explore AI, digitalisation and
offerings with the development of enhanced
markets. Leverage direct sales network to build intelligence and tailor products to technology solutions to improve commercial
mono-material flexible packaging solutions.
capitalise customer demand. Rolled out multiple initiatives to include operations and customer experience.
recycled material in packaging and
infrastructure applications.
Implement dynamic business management to achieve optimal margin realisation.
• Concluded a customer satisfaction survey with
the highest number of respondents in history
and achieved a Net Promoter Score of 54,
which is considered among the top range
globally for chemical peers.
• Launched digital tools and platforms to
Key stats
New products launched Total revenues generated enhance customer engagement and
• 18 commercial academy in 2024 by new products experience.
courses to improve commercial 9 >20% • Launched four additional courses for the
skills Commercial Academy, developed in-house in
• Borouge’s Net Promoter Score collaboration with external training experts to
rose to 54 in 2024, ranking upskill our commercial teams.
among the top range in the Highest sales volume Patent cases
global chemicals industry in Borouge history
5.3mt >1,200
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 22

=== [AR2024.pdf p24] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Excellence
Artificial Intelligence, Digitalisation, and Technology
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Borouge leads global AI transformation through leveraging its competitive advantage: • In 2024, the Artificial Intelligence, Digitalisation & • Building on the 2024 programme foundation,
Technology (AIDT) programme was successfully 2025 will focus on enhancing the internal and
• Culture of continuous innovation: dynamic innovation culture leading t o launched. external stakeholder operating model to
differentiated products. • AIDT-led initiatives delivered USD 573 million accelerate AIDT adoption.
value generation for the organisation across the • A strong solution pipeline to bring high-value
• Advanced logistic Infrastructure: fully integrated logistics networks across value chain. solutions to fruition using targeted AI and
prominent PO markets. • Significant business enhancements have been Digitalisation solutions.
delivered through advanced solutions • The programme will advance its core pillars,
• Leveraging ADNOC & Borealis expertise: Strong partnerships with ADNOC deployment across key targeted business areas: Excite, Educate and Position, maintaining a
Real-Time Optimiser (RTO), OneAPM (Asset robust focus on innovation and digital adoption
and Borealis accessing world-class AI expertise and technology leadership.
Performance Management) Reliability & Incident while implementing solutions using our change
Implementation & PO-APC (Advanced Process management strategies.
• High scalability being largest integrated PO complex: accelerated adaptability
Control) in Operations, S&OP planning tool in • We will continue to collaborate with market
on AI value creation across largest integrated assets. Sales & Operations Planning and Hazard leaders and pursue strategic partnerships to
• Modern and sophisticated infrastructure: modern digital infrastructure Detection Technology Pilot in Borouge-4. strengthen our position and capabilities further.
• Borouge has sought and secured leading AI
unlocking of full AI potential .
solution providers through strategic partnerships
whose offerings include quantum computing
• World-class talent pool: future proofing with industry leading and highly
technologies, S&OP tools and strategic
resilient expert workforce. collaboration with the world’s first AI university.
• Fostering AI awareness, education and adoption
was rolled out through a series of roadshows,
Key stats
Value generation Strategic partners webinars and bespoke e-learning programmes.
• A Te ID ch T n ( o A l I o , g D y i ) g P ita ro li g s r a a ti m on m a e n f d ir st USD 573m 25+ • B M o o r h o a u m ge e d h a b s in s Z tr a a y te e g d i c U a n ll i y v e p r a s r i t t n y e o r f e A d r w tif i i t c h i a th l e
established in 2024 Intelligence (MBZUAI) to boost collaborative
• Strategic partnership with the research, knowledge transfer and create student
Mohamed bin Zayed University Implemented solutions internship opportunities.
of Artificial Intelligence
80+
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 23

=== [AR2024.pdf p25] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Case study
Excellence
Supply chain We made significant progress in It has also helped the Company to
Strategy in action transforming our Sales & Operations streamline its operations, speed up
optimisation Planning processes in 2024 thanks to order confirmations, and free up
the implementation of a digital planners. This meant that planners
and streamlined planning system. The new now have more time to focus on
technology replaces legacy strategic tasks. The technology is
operations technology systems with AI-powered also scalable for future growth, with
forecasting and supply chain opportunities to incorporate carbon
optimisation tools. footprint tracking into planning
processes and help Borouge align
with sustainability goals.
Case study
Strong risk As part of its strategic focus on The programme also helped the
health, safety, and environment Company improve its risk
management (HSE) excellence, Borouge management, strengthen
executed its HSE Excellence partnerships with its contractors,
and company- Journey. This journey set out to and raise awareness of the
strengthen safety and collaboration importance of HSE and issues
wide HSE across the Company. Bringing across the entire business,
together seven key focus areas, including operations teams. This
awareness the new approach creates a unified journey not only enhanced safety
approach to HSE, fostering a performance but also deepened Case study
culture of shared responsibility and engagement across the
encouraging teams at all levels to organisation. AnteoTM FK1510 In 2024, Borouge introduced AnteoTM As the next generation of bimodal
embrace safety practices. FK1510 and FK1516 – advanced single-site polymers, their unique
FK1516 – materials designed to improve food properties also make packaging
packaging. Created to help keep production faster and more
superior food fresher and safer for longer, with energy-efficient, helping
less environmental impact, AnteoTM manufacturers save time and reduce
packaging for FK1510 and FK1516 have been costs. They also address a range of
specifically designed with strength, sustainability-related issues by
extended food durability and the circular economy replacing hard-to-recycle packaging
in mind. with fully recyclable designs. AnteoTM
freshness FK1510 and FK1516, therefore,
In industrial applications, their
represent a major step forward in
inherent durability makes them
reducing waste and meeting global
perfect for packaging sharp-edged
goals for recyclable packaging
foods like crabs and shells without
solutions.
risking leaks or damage.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 24

=== [AR2024.pdf p26] ===
Our Strategy continued SSttrraatteeggiicc RReeppoorrtt GGoovveerrnnaannccee RReeppoorrtt FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
Growth
Our growth strategy focuses on
expanding our portfolio of
differentiated solutions, advancing
circular economy initiatives, and
pursuing value-accretive capacity
expansion projects.
By leveraging Borealis proprietary
technologies and market insights,
we aim to capture opportunities in
high-growth regions and emerging
applications, ensuring sustainable
long-term growth for Borouge.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 25

=== [AR2024.pdf p27] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Growth
Growing portfolio of differentiated solutions
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
We deliver improved product differentiation through our Borstar® PE, Borstar® PP and • Transitioned high-voltage (HV) submarine • Continue to drive differentiation and value selling
business from Borealis to Borouge while of new products to achieve through-the-cycle
BorlinkTM technology platforms. Our application strategy is sharply focused on the
maintaining market leadership. premia guidelines.
development of products that address sustainable development needs and
• Launched new PP-R product RA150E to meet • Continue to grow healthcare business with an
socioeconomic megatrends. advanced water piping requirements from the expanding healthcare portfolio from Ruwais.
building and construction industry. • Continue to grow HV sales with introduction of
We are also strategically geared to increase sales in infrastructure solutions – driven • Received the prestigious Ringier Technology XLPE 2 production line in 2025, develop value
Innovation Award for Borlink™ LS4201S, a proposition of HV XLPE, specifically grades sold
by an increase in pressure pipes, the energy transition, modern packaging and
high-performance solution integral to major in submarine applications.
circular economy solutions. energy projects such as submarine cables,
enabling renewable energy transformation.
Key stats
Historical highest polyolefins Achieved premia over product
• 9 product launches in 2024 sales volume, with YoY increase of benchmark for
• Increased Borouge’s share in 6.5% PE USD 198/t
value-added block copolymers
to 30% by using the enhanced
and
Borstar® PP technology
combined with Borstar® Increased sales volume of the PP USD 150/t
Nucleation Technology (BNT) more differentiated block PP by
• Achieved over 60 kts in 13.7%
differentiated PO mono-
material solutions, enabling the compared to 2023
substitution of non-recyclable
multi-material packaging
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 26

=== [AR2024.pdf p28] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Growth
Growing circular economy solutions
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
We have developed a comprehensive circular economy strategy and recycling • Extended network of recycling partners to >20 • Prepare to launch commercially available
across Borouge territories. value-added PCR/PO compounds for multiple
roadmap. We are also actively developing new partnerships and marketing strategies
• Significant growth of recyclates sales enabled demanding applications to increase value and
for recyclates – in addition to the development of new recyclability design concepts. through increased application development circularity.
incorporating post-consumer recycled • Continue to further increase innovative,
These will help us to increase sales volumes of Borouge virgin materials and boost polyolefin. Typical examples: a) 100% PCR PP polyethylene-based mono-material solutions in
based plastic pallets leading to weight and cost product design through Design for Recyclability
our ability to promote awareness of the circular economy through advocacy and
reductions, multiple usage and improved (DfR) initiatives to support polyethylene growth
communications. hygienic standards/HSE practices across the strategy.
supply chain, and b) expansion of closed-loop • Continue to intensify our collaboration along the
recycling of heavy-duty shipping sacks through value chain with customers, machine
onboarding of two additional recyclers and their manufacturers, recycling partners and brand
collection networks in China. owners to grow circularity.
• Continued increase of mono-material packaging • Continue to work with our recycling partners to
and innovation and related business growth further enhance operations and improve product
driven by the increasing demand of brand properties.
owners and value chain partners for easy-to-
• Continue to promote education and advocacy of
recycle packaging systems to reach their
youth through our Polymers on the Move (POTM)
pledges on 100% recyclability.
educational programme.
Key stats
Recycling partners • Further enhancement of fully recyclable PE
• Solutions covering: laminate through incorporation of recyclable
>20
oxygen and moisture barrier features through
• Collation Shrink
launch of metallisable PE grades and
• Transport Packaging delamination coating.
• Courier Bags Value chain collaborations • Conducting a waste value chain study through
• HD Blow >20 collaboration with potential key partners
across Borouge territories, which is the base
• Recycling partnerships located for further business.
across 3 Borouge sub-regions,
across 8 countries, enhancing
accessibility
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 27

=== [AR2024.pdf p29] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Growth
Value accretive capacity expansion projects
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Borouge 4 project aligned with Borouge 2030 Strategy to increase total polymer • Borouge 4 engineering procurement and • The Borouge 4 project is on track, meeting HSE
construction phase (EPC) is ongoing, with overall standards to achieve the mechanical completion
production from 5.0mt/y to 6.4mt/y.
completion at 83%. of PO units, XLPE2, and the utility unit. Recruitment
• Extruder installations are in progress, and the main of Borouge 4 positions has begun.
Borouge 4 is an integrated state-of-the-art, capital efficient petrochemical complex 220KV power substation has been energised to • Borouge 4 project and plant operations are ready
that adds additional capacity to one of the world’s largest integrated polyolefin provide power to multiple units in the project. for the Ready for Start-up (RFSU) of XLPE2 and
complexes. • EU2 Cracker Revamp FEED, PE4 and PE5 EPC multiple utility units.
awarded towards the end of 2024. • EU2 Cracker Revamp FEED, PE4 and PE5 EPC
• Built a database of existing and potential will progress in 2025, with completion planned
Additional capacity revamps of 200 kt/y of the existing site is planned through the customers to support sales of Borouge 4 products. for 2026.
EU2 Cracker, PE4 and PE5 asset revamp projects. • Established a five-year volume and product mix • Continue to build a robust database of existing and
roadmap comprising current and Borouge 4 new customers.
A feasibility study for a capacity expansion project in China is ongoing. volumes. • Develop a new customer segmentation model with
• Identified human capability needs and developed differentiated service-level offerings.
organisation structure with Borouge 4 position. • The progress of the feasibility study will determine
• Successfully stress-tested order-to-cash the final structure of the proposed greenfield
processes to enable efficient management project in China and its financial commitments.
of Borouge 4 sales orders.
Key stats
Borouge 4 completion EU2 cracker revamp FEED, • Borouge, in consortium with ADNOC and Borealis,
• Project to date ~108 million 83% PE4 and PE5 EPC awarded has initiated a feasibility study for a proposed
man-hours for Borouge 4 greenfield project with Wanhua Chemical, China,
• Project to date TRIR of 0.07 to produce 1.6 mt/y of speciality polyolefins.
for Borouge 4
• Established 5-year volume and
product mix roadmap
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 28

=== [AR2024.pdf p30] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Case study
Growth
AED 20 million In 2024, Borouge signed an AED Our collaboration with UPI has
Strategy in action 20 million agreement with Union already spanned over 25 years, and
to advance the Pipes Industry (UPI) to supply UPI this new agreement will also include
with 100% post-consumer recycled the participation of two other
circular polypropylene to produce partners, Qonexa and Intraco Pallet.
customised pallets for Borouge’s The recycled polypropylene pallets
economy logistics operations. The partnership offer a longer lifespan and increased
aimed to support the circular safety and hygiene when compared
economy and enhance sustainability to traditional pallets. The
by using recycled materials, reducing development is one of many new
dependency on fossil fuels, and examples of Borouge’s commitment
promoting sustainable production. to the circular economy and to
Case study
delivering a more sustainable future
A new We were proud to bring to market Across the entire medical industry by enhancing end-of-life recyclability
Bormed™ RG868MO in 2024, a value chain, Bormed™ RG868MO across all the industries we serve.
benchmark in specially modified polypropylene enhances efficiency and reduces
random copolymer developed cycle times for converters, leading
polypropylene using Borealis proprietary Borstar® to a 5-10% reduction in carbon
technology. This innovative product footprint. Ensuring a continuous
healthcare addresses the stringent demands and reliable supply of high-quality,
of the healthcare industry by consistent products for regulated
solutions offering high melt flow, easy medical applications, Bormed™
processability, high transparency, RG868MO significantly improves Case study
good gloss, and a balanced patient care and safety,
stiffness-impact ratio at ambient representing a major advancement Borlink™ At Borouge, we were proud to play a Two years of rigorous testing,
Estimated reduction in temperatures. in providing safe and timely key role in the sixth phase of the technical demonstrations, and
carbon footprint treatments within the healthcare LS4201H – Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum collaboration with value chain
Bormed™ RG868MO can also be
sector. Solar Park in 2024 – the world’s partners were required prior to
5-10% sterilised at 121°C with steam and advancing solar largest single-site solar energy receiving approval from DEWA. Now,
has excellent chemical resistance
project. As part of the process, we thanks to its enhanced scorch
and good printability. energy impact partnered with Ducab and the Dubai resistance, high breakdown strength,
Electricity and Water Authority reliability, cleanliness levels, and
(DEWA) to supply our Borlink™ lower degreasing burden, the
LS4201H insulation material for use application of Borlink™ LS4201H is
in the project’s high-voltage 132kV helping the solar park improve its
cables. energy supply reliability, ease the
high load in summer and reduce
reliability on natural gas and oil in
energy production.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 29

=== [AR2024.pdf p31] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Identity
Borouge’s identity is rooted in a
strong corporate culture that values
innovation, sustainability and
diversity. We are committed to
fostering a cohesive identity that
resonates with our employees,
customers and stakeholders.
Our focus on corporate citizenship,
ESG commitments, and brand
enhancement reinforces our position
as a responsible leader in the
polyolefins industry.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 30

=== [AR2024.pdf p32] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Identity
Strong and cohesive identity culture
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Borouge fosters a unified culture by prioritising employee engagement, leadership • Recognised employees for exemplifying • Continue to drive our accelerated growth
Borouge’s values. ambitions.
development and skill-building initiatives. Through tailored programmes, mentorship
• Hosted Fireside Chats for open • Maintain the momentum, ensuring impact
opportunities and a redesigned onboarding experience, the Company strives to have
communication with top management. through ongoing engagement and collaboration.
employees feel valued and aligned with its core values, creating a collaborative and
• Rolled out wellness events targeting individual,
inclusive work environment that drives long-term success. social, work, and environmental well-being.
• Conducted leadership communication on
culture and values.
• Employees completed behavioural e-learning
on performance management and ADNOC
expectations.
• Held culture toolkit workshops for line
managers across all regions.
• Completed Commercial Academy to enhance
the commercial team’s capabilities.
• Launched an Executive mentoring programme
to pair high-potential employees with senior
leaders to build leadership capabilities.
Key stats • Managers completed e-learning on difficult
HSE trainings Tajheez programme 2.0:
conversations, improving communication and
• +62,000 hours of training
+40,000 60+ conflict-resolution skills.
across all programmes
• Rolled out Learn Share Grow sessions to foster
man hours employees participated and given peer-to-peer learning.
comprehensive overview of all
functional areas
Talent development programme
delivered 35 session for
+650
employees
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 31

=== [AR2024.pdf p33] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Identity
Corporate citizenship and ESG commitment
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Borouge is focused on sustainability through its ambition of reaching net-zero by • Launched new sustainability programmes • Develop and implement long-term sustainability
focusing on decarbonisation and circular goals, including exploring electrification and
2045, gender balance goals and environmental initiatives. By advancing the Al
economy. carbon capture technologies.
Ruwais Environmental Sustainability Programme and fostering community
• Implemented employee advocacy • Focus on creating innovative polyolefin solutions
engagement, the Company actively addresses global challenges while promoting programmes to promote Borouge’s that address global challenges such as circular
responsible growth and social impact. sustainability efforts and innovations. packaging, water access and healthcare.
• Conducted community outreach programmes • Expand efforts in promoting circular economy
and CSR initiatives to enhance societal practices and continue to develop fully
impact. recyclable mono-material solutions.
• Improved S&P500 ESG rating, ranking in the • Enhance community engagement and CSR
top quintile percentile. programmes to support local communities.
• Continued progress towards achieving • Improve ESG performance, aiming for higher
net-zero emissions by 2045. Projects rankings and broader recognition in global ESG
implemented in 2024 reduced more than indices.
82KtCO 2 eq. • Refining the transition climate risks analysis by
incorporating the latest appropriate scientific
references and methodologies e.g. Life Cycle
Assessments and thorough Scope 3 estimate.
Key stats
Steady progress in our long-term Inclusion in the
• More than 5,700 people decarbonisation journey
S&P
positively impacted by our
+500KtCO eq
community outreach LargeMidCap ESG Index
2
programmes cumulative reduction
by 2024
and
82KtCO eq
2
coming from new projects
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 32

=== [AR2024.pdf p34] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Identity
Borouge branding
Description What we did in 2024 Plans for 2025 and beyond
Borouge strengthens its brand by emphasising its role as a leader in differentiated • Expanded Borouge’s global presence by • Launch an enhanced global brand ambassador
opening two new offices in Seoul, South programme to empower employees as
polyolefin solutions that impact fast-growing markets and add incredible value to
Korea, and Nairobi, Kenya, increasing the total advocates of Borouge’s values and solutions.
developing and emerging economies. Through strategic communication, employee office footprint to 14 locations globally. • Strengthen digital engagement strategies to
advocacy programmes, and a focus on innovation and sustainability, Borouge • Strengthened the direct sales network, improve customer experiences and foster
reinforces its identity as a trusted brand in delivering world-leading solutions globally. covering over 80% of sales volumes, which deeper connections with stakeholders.
contributed to additional margins and • Expand the direct sales network to cover
enhanced customer engagement. additional high-growth regions and emerging
• Enhanced regional market access and markets.
building stronger relationships with customers • Develop multimedia campaigns showcasing
and value chain partners through a robust Borouge’s role in addressing global challenges
local presence. through innovative polyolefin applications.
• Supported efficient product delivery with 13 • Continue investing in sustainability-focused
logistics hubs globally, ensuring optimal branding initiatives to highlight the recyclability
margin capture and uninterrupted service and environmental benefits of Borouge’s product
during crises through alternative supply chain portfolio.
routes.
• Reinforced Borouge’s identity as a trusted
global leader in differentiated polyolefin
solutions through strategic communication
Key stats
New products launched New locations initiatives and employee advocacy
• 80% Sales from direct sales in FY 2024 2 programmes.
network
9
Seoul, South Korea and Nairobi,
Kenya
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 33

=== [AR2024.pdf p35] ===
Our Strategy continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Case study
Identify
Supporting Borlink™ LS4201H was utilised in
Strategy in action the sixth phase of Dubai’s
UAE’s clean Mohammed bin Rashid Al
Maktoum Solar Park as part of
energy goals Dubai’s Clean Energy Strategy
2050. This phase will add
significant capacity to renewable
energy production while aligning
with Dubai’s vision of becoming a
global hub for green energy
innovation. By providing advanced
cable solutions tailored for
Case study
renewable energy projects,
Fuel efficiency: Borouge supports the development of Borouge contributes directly to
materials for New Energy Vehicles achieving net-zero carbon
mobility (NEVs) to meet the automotive emissions targets by 2050.
industry’s evolving demands. One of
solutions for its key innovations is Fibremod™
FD281SFC, a lightweight and
new energy flame-retardant material used in NEV
battery enclosures. This material
vehicles (NEVs) reduces density by 20% compared to
traditional alternatives, leading to cost
savings and improved fuel efficiency.
Additionally, Borouge developed r-PP
Grade has been proven to reduce compounds with up to 70% recycled
carbon footprint by more than content for automotive components
like wheel arches and bumpers. These
30% materials align with sustainability goals
while maintaining premium
performance standards.
compared to equivalent
virgin materials By focusing on high-value segments
such as NEVs, Borouge strengthens its
market position in the mobility sector
while addressing global trends
towards electrification and
environmental responsibility.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 34

=== [AR2024.pdf p36] ===
Chief Financial Officer’s Review Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
A record performance
Borouge delivered
a standout financial
performance in 2024,
driven by record
production and sales
volumes. This We maintained industry-leading EBITDA Our differentiated product offering and focus on
high-growth markets have enabled us to maintain
performance reflects margins and solid cash generation, driven
healthy price premia over industry benchmarks.
by disciplined cost control, operational and
the company’s ability to
commercial excellence. Our robust The average realised price for polyethylene was
capture market demand, USD 1,095 per tonne, while polypropylene
balance sheet provides the resilience to
achieved an average realised price of USD 1,047
and consistently deliver sustain performance and supports our
per tonne – underscoring the value of our
value at scale, even in commitment to deliver again substantial innovative and high-quality products.
a challenging market USD 1.3 billion in dividends in FY 2025.
Double-digit revenue growth
environment.” Borouge reported a net profit of USD 1.24 billion for
A record performance
the year, reflecting a 24% year-on-year increase.
Borouge achieved a record financial performance,
Jan-Martin Nufer with a net profit of USD 1.24 billion and revenue of Our revenue for the year reached USD 6 billion,
Chief Financial Officer USD 6.03 billion in 2024. Record production and a 4% rise compared to 2023, underpinned by
sales volumes, effective cost management, and robust demand for our polyethylene and
drove this success. polypropylene products. Adjusted EBITDA for the
year was USD 2.5 billion, representing a 14%
Borouge demonstrated remarkable resilience
increase from the previous year. Our EBITDA
in 2024, achieving a strong financial
margin remained very strong at 41%, highlighting
performanceunderpinned by the highest-ever
our ability to generate high operating profitability
annual production and sales volumes. By year-end,
through efficient cost management and strategic
total polyolefin sales reached 5.3 million tonnes.
pricing initiatives.
This growth was driven by strong demand in our
core markets of Asia Pacific, the Middle East, and
Africa. Our polyolefins sales volumes grew by
4.3%, reflecting the successful expansion of
our product portfolio and our ability to capture
market opportunities.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 35

=== [AR2024.pdf p37] ===
Chief Financial Officer’s Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Accelerating growth through cost discipline EBITDA ratio stood at 1.1x at the period end,
and value creation reflecting our strong financial position and prudent Key highlights (FY2024)
Our capital expenditure for the In 2024, we built on the success of our Value capital management.
year amounted to USD 199 Enhancement Programme “Accelerate for Growth
Strategic investments and Borouge 4
million, reflecting our (A4G)”, which delivered USD 607 million in 2023, One of the most significant milestones of 2024 was EBITDA margin
by far exceeding expectations. By prioritising cost
commitment to investing discipline and value creation, we were able to the progress made on the Borouge 4 project. This 41%
strategic investment is set to significantly expand
in growth and innovation.” demonstrate the continuation of a large part of our production capacity and enhance our ability
these achievements into 2024. This enabled us to
to meet the growing demand for premium
land our Fixed Cost even slightly below the Cash conversion
polyolefin products.
previous year 2023. We’ve accelerated growth,
enhancing operational efficiency while maintaining Once operational, Borouge 4 will increase our 93%
a strong focus on long-term value. This approach production capacity by 1.4 million tonnes per
has not only bolstered our financial performance annum, positioning us to capture new market
but also reinforced the stability and sustainability opportunities and drive long-term growth. Net debt to EBITDA
of our earnings.
Poised for further success 1.1x
Robust balance sheet and strong cash
Borouge is uniquely positioned to thrive amid
flow generation
evolving market conditions, supported by a track
Borouge’s unique business model, supported by a record of strong financial performance,
first-quartile position on the cost curve, industry- operational excellence, and a firm commitment
leading and premia generative Borstar® technology to sustainability.
from Borealis, and a focus on high-growth markets,
enables us to generate strong operating cash flow With the completion of Borouge 4 on the horizon
through market cycles. In 2024, we maintained a and additional organic capacity enhancements
healthy cash conversion rate of 92%, underscoring underway, we are entering a new phase of
our ability to convert earnings into cash effectively. growth. These initiatives will not only scale our
production capabilities but also deepen our
We paid down USD 850 million under the competitive advantage in delivering high-
Commercial Facility and maintained access to a performance polyolefin solutions to a rapidly
USD 500 million Revolving Credit Facility, which changing global market.
was fully undrawn at the period end. During the
same period, Borouge paid an interim dividend of
USD 650 million in September 2024, and we are
Jan-Martin Nufer
committed to paying out an additional USD 650 Chief Financial Officer
million in April 2025 following the AGM. This is in
line with our significant dividend commitment of
total USD 1.3 billion for FY 2024. Our Net Debt-to-
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 36

=== [AR2024.pdf p38] ===
Key Metrics Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Revenue 6,026 Net profit 1,239 Adj. EBITDA 2,477 Cash 93%
USD USD USD
USD m USD m and margin conversion
USD m %
2024 6,026 2024 1,239 2024 2,477 2024 93%
2023 5,791 2023 1,001 2023 2,171 2023 91%
2022 6,727 2022 1,409 2022 2,646 2022 93%
2021 6,216 2021 1,528 2021 2,725 2021 91%
Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance
Borouge delivers strong Revenue increased to Borouge’s objective is to Net profit increased 24% Industry-leading EBITDA Maintained industry- Strong cash generation Achieved cash
revenue growth on USD 6,026 million in maintain a sustainable year-on-year, reflecting margins demonstrate our leading EBITDA margin enables investment in conversion
consistently robust 2024, with substantial profit level over the strong operational operational excellence of 41% through 2024, growth while delivering of 93% in 2024,
demand across our sales volumes and medium term. performance and cost and premium product driven by operational attractive shareholder supporting significant
key markets. premium pricing for discipline. positioning. efficiency and focus on returns. dividend payments
differentiated products. high-value segments. and strategic
investments.
Sales 5.3mt Asset 98.5% Average 1,075 Safety 0.07
USD
volumes reliability selling prices excellence
mt % USD /per tonne
2024 5.3 2024 98.5% 2024 1,075 2024 0.07
2023 5.1 2023 98.1% 2023 1,077 2023 0.10
2022 5.1 2022 94.1% 2022 1,276 2022 0.24
2021 4.4 2021 96.6% 2021 1,376 2021 0.25
Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance Strategic relevance Performance
Record production and Achieved record sales of World-class asset Maintained asset Premium pricing reflects Maintained strong price Safety remains our top Maintained industry-
sales volumes 5.3mt in 2024, with reliability supports reliability at 98.5% while the value of our premia of USD 198 for PE priority across all leading safety
demonstrate operational infrastructure solutions consistent operational achieving utilisation differentiated and USD 150 for PP, in line operations. performance with a Total
excellence and strong contributing 40% of total performance. rates of 110% for PE and product portfolio. with management Recordable Injury Rate
market demand. volumes. 98% for PP. guidance of USD 200/ (TRIR) of 0.07.
tonne for PE and USD
140/tonne for PP.
Note: Stated numbers for FY21 and FY22 are proforma numbers.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 37

=== [AR2024.pdf p39] ===
Business Review Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Operations In 2024, Borouge continued demonstrating its commitment to operational
excellence and innovation. Our strategic initiatives and advanced technologies
Our commitment to
have driven significant improvements in production capacity, efficiency, and
operational excellence
sustainability, positioning us as a global leader in the polyolefins industry.
can be seen in our high
production capacity Site operations Abu Dhabi Innovation Centre (UAE)
and an exceptional Al Ruwais (UAE) The Abu Dhabi Innovation Centre remains at
the heart of our R&D efforts, driving continuous
The Al Ruwais site remains the cornerstone of our
asset reliability of 98.5%. innovation and technology upgrades. In 2024, the
operations, housing the world’s largest integrated
These underscore single-site polyolefins complex. In 2024, the site centre launched several new products, including
high-value healthcare solutions, and was pivotal
achieved an outstanding industrial performance,
how efficient the in our digital transformation initiatives.
supporting industry-leading margins and
Company’s operations operational excellence. The site’s asset availability
Marketing HQ (Singapore)
are – and its ability to and utilisation rates consistently exceeded past Our marketing headquarters in Singapore
performance, contributing to our best-in-class HSE
deliver high output performance and energy efficiency improvements. continues to strengthen our commercial presence
in key markets. In 2024, the office expanded its
while maintaining the
Shanghai (China) direct customer coverage and enhanced our
highest quality. Shanghai’s compounding and application centres supply chain network, ensuring efficient product
delivery and optimal margin capture.
are crucial in our global operations. These facilities
Dr Hasan Karam focus on developing and delivering innovative
Production volumes
Chief Operating Officer solutions tailored to the needs of the APAC market.
Our total production volumes for 2024 reached 5.2
In 2024, the Shanghai sites contributed significantly
million tonnes, reflecting a consistent increase
to our overall production volumes and supported
in annual production and operational efficiencies.
our strategic growth initiatives.
Our strategic focus on high-value products and
geographic optimisation supported this growth.
The highly efficient nature of Production volumes
our operations and assets have
5.2mt
been instrumental in our ability
to meet market demands
throughout 2024 – and leaving
us well-placed to continue to do
so in 2025 and beyond.”
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 38

=== [AR2024.pdf p40] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Operations continued
Energy and costs
Energy efficiency Production optimisation Asset reliability
Fully integrated production complex
Borouge has demonstrated Borouge has effectively Maintaining reliable assets ~5.0mt/y annual capacity
a commitment to energy managed its Asset Utilisation remains a key aspect of
efficiency by implementing through rigorous production Borouge’s operational
initiatives that reduce energy optimisation strategies. In excellence. In 2024, we
consumption and improve the pursuit of production reached an asset reliability
3,600kt/y capacity
asset reliability. These efforts excellence, Borouge rate of 98.5% and an asset High Density Polyethylene/
have helped lower energy implemented Real Time utilisation rate of 104%, ADNOC Linear Low Density Polyethylene
gas
intensity and decrease Optimisation (RTO) for its demonstrating our ability
Cracker 1
specific energy Olefin units during year to consistently achieve high
consumption. 2024. With this initiative, performance and efficiency Ethane Cross-linked Polyethylene
Borouge was able to across all facilities.
By leveraging automation
process an additional 80kt Cracker 2
and digitalisation tools such By maintaining such high
of Ethane which is 1.4%
as the Energy Management asset availability and
higher than base line and
Information System (EMIS) utilisation rates, Borouge
able to make a net impact
and Advanced Process of over USD 25 million. This not only enhances its Cracker 3 Low Density Polyethylene
Controls (APC), Borouge is production capabilities but
ongoing production
able to optimise energy optimisation initiative also ensures the safety and 2,750kt/y capacity
usage and maximise reliability of its operations.
enabled Borouge to deliver
production output. Ethylene
increased production This commitment to
volumes in the most cost operational excellence
Propylene
effective manner. allows us to meet customer Olefins
Conversion Unit
demands promptly and ADNOC
refining
maintain a competitive 750kt/y capacity
edge in the industry.
Polypropylene
Propylene
2,230kt/y capacity
Energy intensity Net impact Asset reliability
17.9 177m 98.5%
GJ/Ton USD
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 39

=== [AR2024.pdf p41] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Operations continued
Feedstock for Al Ruwais complex Production facilities Borouge 3 Case study
Our feedstock contracts are priced competitively Launched in 2001, our integrated petrochemical Borouge 3, our most significant expansion project
and run for a long-term, and our feedstock supplier site comprises Borouge 1 and four expansions to date, continued to operate at full capacity in 2024. Borouge 4 progress
is also our major shareholder thereby ensuring (Borouge 1 expansion, Borouge 2, Borouge 3, and The site’s state-of-the-art facilities and innovative
security of supply. PP5), and it encompasses a broad array of modern processes enabled us to deliver high-value,
Borouge 4 is designed to encompass an ethylene
units in Al Ruwais Industrial City. This complex differentiated products to our global customers.
Source: Company information plant with a capacity of 1,500kt/y, a hexene-1 plant
yields 5.0 million tonnes of polyolefins annually (2.8 The facility’s focus on sustainability and energy
with a capacity of 75kt/y, two HDPE and LLDPE
million tonnes of polyethylene plus 2.2 million efficiency further enhanced its performance. plants each with a capacity of 700kt/y, and a
Ethane Propylene tonnes of polypropylene), and the accompanying cross-linked polyethylene unit with a capacity of
Borouge 4
Supplier ADNOC Gas ~50% from ADNOC graph showcases it. 100kt/y. Borouge 4 was carved out from Borouge
Refining and ~50% In 2024, the USD 6.2 billion (AED 22 billion) PLC prior to the IPO and is intended to be re-
from internal In parallel, we operate a Compounding Borouge 4 facility project passed the 83% mark in contributed into Borouge by the end of 2025, which
Borouge sources Manufacturing Plant in Shanghai, with a 90kt/y its development and is on track to come on stream will increase our total production capacity to 6.4
production capacity for advanced polypropylene by the end of 2025 for its key units. Other units will million tonnes per year. Borouge is fully managing the
compounds, and we tailor our automotive solutions be ready for start-up during the next year. When Borouge 4 project on behalf of the project owners,
to evolving global demands. In 2024, we boosted complete, the addition of Borouge 4 will make the ADNOC and Borealis. The construction of the plant is
total polyolefin output by 5.5% to 5.2mt/y, driven by Company’s polyolefin manufacturing complex in Al ongoing and has made significant progress since
utilisation rates reaching 110% for PE, 111% for Ruwais Industrial City, Abu Dhabi, the world’s 2023. By the end of the year, the project had made
Volume No minimum off-take, no contractual cap LDPE, and 98% for PP showcasing our operational largest single-site polyolefin complex. more than 83% progress toward completion.
Contract start Contracts entered in October 1998, with excellence efforts.
We made significant advancements for Borouge 4 in
date amendments to reflect the additional volume
requirements Borouge 1 2024, which is making good progress for completion
Borouge 1, the foundation of our operations, since initiation in 2023. It will vastly enlarge the
Contract end Current Feedstock Supply Agreement until
date 2057, includes a re-pricing mechanism due continues to deliver a robust performance. In 2024, capacity of Al Ruwais Industrial City while
to take effect in late November 2027 (pricing the site maintained high production volumes and contributing to the UAE’s industrial development.
mechanism due to be reviewed again in efficiency, contributing significantly to our overall Simultaneously, we adhere to stringent health, safety
June 2045)
capacity. The facility’s focus on safety and process and environmental standards and deploy
optimisation ensured consistent output and reliability. a proactive approach that strengthens our status as
a leading polypropylene solutions provider.
Borouge 2
Borouge 2, with its expanded capacity, played a
crucial role in meeting the increasing demand for
polyolefins. The site’s advanced technologies and
operational excellence drove significant production
efficiency and product quality improvements,
supporting our strategic growth objectives.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 40

=== [AR2024.pdf p42] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Operations continued
Record-breaking production volumes Production excellence and first-time-right production while maintaining
2024 was a record-breaking year for Borouge on We take pride in our commitment to increasing superior quality. As a result, we are both dynamic
all fronts. Our asset base achieved the highest-ever production volumes and consistently enhancing with our assets and flexible in our operations,
annual polyolefin production volume and total operational efficiencies. This includes optimising thus fulfilling the highest levels of customer
output. We also recorded the highest production plant yield and minimising losses via various expectations.
from the individual crackers EU2 and jointly the technologies such as Real-Time Optimisation
Key focus areas for 2025
highest from EU3. This success was driven by (RTOs), Advanced Process Control (APC), Process
Sustain and improve HSE & Asset Integrity
an overall record in processing asset reliability, Data Technology (PDT), Yield Accounting Systems
Process Safety compliance with zero Tier 1 and
resulting from continuous improvements and (YAS), and a Polymer Optimisation AI proof of
2 PSEs by continuing the AIPS Assurance
the expansion of our production envelope. concept. Furthermore, production efficiencies
Programme and accelerating the effectiveness
are significantly improved through AI solutions.
For polyolefins, we attained the highest annual and compliance of the Asset Integrity and Process
production from our assets using Borealis Asset management excellence Safety Framework.
proprietary Borstar® technology, both for We are benchmarking our Operational Availability
Maximise asset performance by exceeding
polypropylene bolstered by the PP5 expansion Improvement Programme, which incorporates
production volumes ambitions. Sustain and
and for polyethylene. Several production units set effective asset lifecycle management and addressing
enhance plant performance by improving
new individual annual and monthly records. In outliers. Our objective is to optimise downtime by
asset availability, reducing speed losses and
the second year of operation, we successfully 30-40% through efficient shutdown management.
improving quality.
ramped up production from our new PP5 unit,
reaching rates close to the design capacity. Technical excellence Ensure a safe and on-time B3 turnaround with
We emphasise on maximising profit margins zero HSE incidents, zero quality deviations,
Continuing to ensure operational
through the production of differentiated products. and optimised turnaround downtime.
excellence This involves stretching asset capabilities by
Operational readiness of Borouge 4 with safe
Borouge’s operational excellence programme adding capacity and debottlenecking processes.
commissioning and smooth takeover, ensuring
aims to further enhance efficiency and productivity The focus is also on sustaining superior product
robust system readiness, including SOPs,
by concentrating on four key pillars: qualities and achieving the highest First-Time-
maintenance and technical procedures, spares
Right (FTR) rates.
HSE excellence and AI and Digitalisation integration.
We emphasise a strong focus on Health, Safety, Product differentiation and quality
Enhance the Borouge asset performance and
and Environment (HSE), prioritising best-in-class We achieve significant economies of scale as future-proof the business with performance using
asset integrity and compliance with process safety. we operate one of the largest single-site polyolefins benchmark studies, focusing on HSE, Production,
We aim to transform the HSE culture by promoting integrated complexes globally. Further, Borealis Asset management excellence, Technical excellence
behavioural-based safety practices. proprietary Borstar® technology enables and adopting AI and Digitalisation tools to improve
differentiation at scale, contributing to our overall operational efficiencies.
competitive advantage with high asset reliability
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 41

=== [AR2024.pdf p43] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Operations continued
Prioritising health, safety and the Asset integrity and process safety (AIPS) HSE culture transformation: Fostering a
environment (HSE) The AIPS Assurance Programme enabled culture of safety and accountability
We have one of the
The HSE Excellence Journey has been a our exceptional AIPS compliance score. We The HSE Excellence Journey has played a
cornerstone of Borouge’s strategy to enhance maintained 100% compliance with HSECES crucial role in transforming Borouge’s safety culture lowest total recordable
our HSE performance continuously. This journey (Health, Safety and Environmental Critical through key initiatives. Leadership engagement injury rates in the
focuses on key areas such as Asset Integrity and Equipment and Systems) Preventive Maintenance through over 512 site engagement activities that
Process Safety (AIPS), Learning from Incidents (PM) work orders, ensuring that critical assets demonstrated visible leadership commitment to industry, with a current
(LFI), Contractor HSE Management, HSE were operating safely and efficiently. Additionally, safety. Behavioural-Based Safety (BBS) refresher rate of 0.07 recordable
Competency Assurance, Environmental we achieved 100% compliance with alarm training sessions and HSE Golden Hour
injuries per million hours
Stewardship, and HSE Cultural Transformation. management targets, investigations and discussions will focus on key safety behaviours
The success of this journey in 2024 underscores learnings from Safety Instrumented System (SIS) and best practices. Recognition and onboarding worked.
Borouge’s commitment to maintaining a safe activations and risk register reviews. The programmes for employees and contractors
working environment, promoting employee and successful completion of all emergency drills reinforce our commitment to safety and
contractor health, protecting the environment, and the AIPS training programme, which saw rewarding safe behaviours.
and ensuring the integrity of our operations. 93% of employees complete the required
training, further underscored our commitment HSE assurance and business continuity
Occupational safety performance to operational safety. Our HSE Assurance programme saw the timely
Borouge’s commitment to safety is reflected in completion of all action items from incident
Environmental stewardship
our outstanding performance in 2024. The Total investigations and internal audits, ensuring
Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) for 2024 was 0.07. In 2024, we achieved notable reductions in compliance with the highest safety standards.
This achievement is particularly notable given the greenhouse gas emissions, flaring and waste Additionally, we conducted comprehensive
challenges presented by the Borouge 4 project, management. Our proactive measures, regular contractor HSE welfare management audits and
which accounted for a substantial portion of our 84 process monitoring, and advanced flaring performance reviews as part of this programme.
million man-hours worked. This safety performance reduction technologies reduced flaring by 14% We also conducted a full-scale business continuity
can be attributed to our robust safety management below the target. Additionally, we recycled 52% of exercise that evaluated our ability to maintain
systems and the active engagement of leadership non-hazardous waste, highlighting our focus on operations during disruptions and ensured
at all levels. Over 512 leadership site visits, sustainable waste management. that we were prepared for any eventuality.
30,000+ safety observations from employees and
The implementation of the Air Emission Monitoring
contractors, and 100% closure rates for mandatory
System (AEMS) and fugitive emissions detection
incident actions played a crucial role in ensuring a
technology is in progress and will help to
safe working environment.
comprehensively monitor emissions by identifying
Occupational health and mitigating emissions at source. We actively
participated in the Oil and Gas Methane
In 2024, health surveillance and medical
Partnership (OGMP) programme, achieving
examinations were fully implemented, achieving
the Gold Standard by focusing on reducing
100% compliance for both employees and
methane emissions.
contractors, which is a proactive approach to
health management.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 42

=== [AR2024.pdf p44] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Sales and In 2024, Borouge achieved significant progress in its global sales and marketing
footprint, aided by the integration of artificial intelligence and digitalisation across its
Driven by our focus on
Marketing operations. A 4% year-on-year (YoY) increase in revenues alongside record sales
innovation and
volumes of 5.3 million tonnes represents the inherent strength of our customer
collaboration across the relationships, cultivated by an international network of 14 sales and marketing offices.
value chain, Borouge
Markets and products like resource efficiency, food security and
launched nine new
sustainability. Our leadership in high-growth
2024 was a remarkable year for Borouge, as we
products in 2024. They delivered our highest-ever sales volumes of 5.3 markets is reflected in these results, with the Asia
Pacific region alone accounting for about 63% of
include sustainable million tonnes. This record performance was driven
total sales volume. This robust market positioning,
by a focus on innovation and strong collaboration
packaging and circular together with our expanding global footprint,
across the value chain. We introduced nine new
reinforces Borouge’s ability to meet evolving
economy solutions, many products during the year, offering advanced
customer needs and deliver sustainable growth.
solutions in packaging, infrastructure, and
of which address global
healthcare that address critical global challenges
challenges like food
security and resource Segmental volume split (FY2024, 5.3mt)
efficiency. Through our
Product group End markets
market leading positions
in high-growth markets
and our direct sales and
marketing footprint, we
have achieved record
sales volumes and strong
pricing premia above
product benchmarks.”
Polyethylene (PE) 58% Consumer solutions 57%
Polypropylene (PP) 42% Infrastructure solutions 40%
Rainer Hoefling
Chief Marketing Officer Others 3%
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 43

=== [AR2024.pdf p45] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Sales and Marketing continued
The products that were developed in 2024 have The Company’s extensive sales network, which Price premia
also been designed to address customer needs in spans 14 offices and 13 logistics hubs worldwide,
Looking at the price premia across the portfolio of
terms of sustainability and performance. Examples enables efficient delivery of products across multiple
differentiated polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene
include fully recyclable mono-materials and markets, including our largest region – Asia Pacific
(PP) products, the average premia for PE stood at
expanded offerings in recycled polyolefins for – alongside the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. Asia
USD 198 per tonne, while polypropylene (PP)
mobility applications. Our new closed-loop solution Pacific accounted for 63% of total sales volumes in
achieved average premia of USD 150 per tonne in
for Heavy Duty Shipping Sacks (HDSS) uses 30% 2024, while the Middle East and Africa contributed
2024. These figures underscore our ability to
recycled polyethylene, and we have now 30%, with the remaining volumes distributed globally
command premium prices through our
developed pallets made from 100% recycled through Borouge’s strategic partnership with
differentiated product offerings and advanced
polypropylene. These – and more – are now Borealis. The Company’s rapidly growing global
Borstar® technology. We also enhanced our pricing
making a significant contribution to Borouge’s reach played its part in creating exceptional growth
strategies and market intelligence in 2024 with
circular economy strategy. in net profits, which rose by 24% YoY to USD 1.24
investments in artificial intelligence tools that
billion. The price premia that the Company’s portfolio
Such progress is made possible through the enabled dynamic pricing models and improved
enjoys has continued to act as a key driver of
continual growth of the Company’s manufacturing, customer relationship management systems.
revenue growth and profitability in 2024.
research and development (R&D) capabilities,
in addition to our extensive direct sales and
marketing footprint.
Differentiated product prices
2021 2022 2023 2024 USD 200
USD USD USD USD
/tonne
Polyethylene Over the-cycle
premia guidance
Based on differentiation and Borouge PE average realised price 1,421 1,318 1,129 1,095
innovation capability, we PE product benchmark 1,087 1,007 914 898
launched nine products this Borouge PE premium to benchmark 334 311 215 198
year with the highest innovation Polypropylene USD 140
value ever in Borouge’s history.” Borouge PP average realised price 1,313 1,222 1,016 1,047
/tonne
PP product benchmark 1,166 1,014 891 897 Over the-cycle
premia guidance
Rainer Hoefling Borouge PP premium to benchmark 147 208 125 150
Chief Marketing Officer
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 44

=== [AR2024.pdf p46] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Technology and Innovation
Case study
Technology and quality control Innovation centre excellence BF971MO – The launch of BF971MO, a high- This exciting new benchmark
performance block copolymer in high-performance block
Innovation remains central to Borouge’s strategy Our Innovation Centre in Abu Dhabi, with over
a new solution polypropylene, represented copolymer polypropylene promotes
under the Excellence pillar. Borealis proprietary 1,200 active patents, continues to drive significant
a significant moment for thin- significant lightweighting benefits,
Borstar® technology continues to deliver superior advancements in polyolefin solutions. In 2024, key for thin wall wall injection moulding in 2024. enabling a reduction in material
product properties that meet stringent performance achievements included: Chemically, BF971MO is produced usage by up to 10%. This means that
requirements while supporting sustainability goals. injection using Borealis proprietary Borstar® existing products, such as pails and
• First production of high-value healthcare grade,
technology, featuring a heterophasic containers, can be downgauged,
Fundamentally, innovation is at the core of our Bormed™ RG868MO, in the UAE. moulding copolymer structure. This combines resulting in lighter products without
business and critical in ensuring that our products exceptional stiffness and impact compromising on performance. This
• Development of new solutions supporting clean
remain relevant in today’s and tomorrow’s markets. strength with the ability to deliver enables optimisation of space
solar energy initiatives.
It is critical to ensure that the Company remains both high performance and utilised, resulting in the ability to
Up to
ready for future challenges and opportunities. The • Launch of innovations in electrification and efficiency, making it ideal for transport up to 15% more products
2024 launch of BorlinkTM (LS4201S) is a prime sustainable applications. 10% advanced injection moulding per truck, substantially reducing the
applications. logistics carbon footprint.
example of how the Company is enabling the
energy transition by connecting offshore wind • Receipt of the Ringier Technology Innovation
farms to grids around the world. The Company is Award for Borlink™ LS4201S high-voltage cable reduction in material usage
currently carrying out R&D across a wide variety of solution.
solutions to matters ranging from healthcare and
Capturing future growth
hygiene, clean energy and electrification, and
In addition to innovating solutions to the challenges
sustainability and circular economy – with the latter
our world faces, Borouge remains well positioned
providing next-generation solutions for issues
versus its industry peers to deliver product premia
relating to food waste and recyclability.
above benchmarks across the cycle. Thanks to its
strategic focus on differentiated products and
capacity expansion, scalability is embedded in the
Company’s strategy and day-to-day operations.
The Borouge 4 strategic expansion project
will transform the production scale by almost
a third and enhance the Company’s innovation
capabilities, driving sales growth in major markets.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 45

=== [AR2024.pdf p47] ===
Business Review continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Technology and Innovation continued
Real-Time Optimisation (RTO) system
Digitalisation and Excellence
Driving the future of polyolefins through
Borouge transformed industry practice in 2024 This now allows for quick, data-driven
AI-powered innovation. by installing a new real-time optimisation (RTO) decisions that boost productivity, reduce
system. The new capability, which is spread energy use and cut emissions. Through this
AI, Digitalisation, and Technology across three large-scale ethane crackers and enhancement, we have already significantly
20 furnaces, dynamically optimises parameters enhanced productivity (1.4% higher ethane
In 2024, we accelerated our comprehensive
continuously. processing), optimised energy consumption,
AI and Digital Transformation programme,
and reduced emissions, delivering USD 25
achieving USD 573 million in value generation. Brand new AI tools are embedded in the
million in additional benefits.
system, helping to monitor and adjust over
150,000 parameters every hour.
Operational excellence Supply chain optimisation Leading the global AI transformation We also focus on enhancing customer
experience, improving market intelligence,
At Borouge, we are strategically focused on
• Implemented the OneAPM reliability • Enhanced raw material planning through and supporting sustainable growth projects.
leading the polyolefin industry. We do this by
module to perform production loss simulation tools, monitoring stock levels and By combining these efforts with strategic
using advanced AI solutions, which not only
analytics and root cause analysis, delivery schedules to mitigate delays. communication and digital infrastructure
help us improve efficiency and boost
eliminating inefficiencies and enhancing improvements, we are working to make sure
• S&OP planning tool case study productivity but also unlock the full potential
operational availability. that Borouge stays ahead in the rapidly
demonstrated a USD 20 million gross of our people.
changing petrochemical landscape.
• Deployed the OneAPM incident module to margin uplift by applying predictive analytics
Our AI and Digitalisation strategy is built on
integrate process and equipment reliability for supply chain resilience.
six key pillars: Operations, Supply Chain,
investigations, improving incident
Sales and Innovation, Business Support,
management.
Safety and Sustainability, and Communication
• Utilised PO-APC enhancement to reduce and Engagement.
off-spec production during transitions by
Sales & innovation These pillars guide 15 focused workstreams
leveraging SPOT APC technology.
that include areas like automated supply
• Established CPAD (Centralised Predictive • Centralised customer relationship chain and logistics, value chain optimisation,
Analytics Diagnostics) for rotating management for over 3,500 customers, production efficiency, asset management
equipment, addressing crack gas equipping sales teams with insights to and energy savings.
compressor fouling and extending run optimise execution.
lengths.
• Development and enhancement of polymer
Value generation
• Conducted a real-time optimisation (RTO) models for precise product design and
case study across ethane crackers, product development of infrastructure 573m
processing over 150,000 parameters applications. USD
hourly, achieving USD 25 million throughput
improvement.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 46

=== [AR2024.pdf p48] ===
Sustainability Summary SSttrraatteeggiicc RReeppoorrtt GGoovveerrnnaannccee RReeppoorrtt FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
Sustainability Four pillars anchor our sustainability philosophy: enriching sustainability
Our sustainability strategy across the plastics industry, ensuring decarbonisation of operations
at Borouge focuses on four key priorities: and supply chain, contributing value as a trusted stakeholder in society,
Ensuring the decarbonisation of and cultivating an ESG performance mindset across our value chain.
our operations and supply chain;
advancing circularity across the
plastics industry; contributing as a Borouge produces a separate externally verified • Borouge published its 2024 Sustainability
trusted stakeholder in society; and Sustainability Report, which is available on our Report aligned with TCFD and SASB, following
website, with a complete set of Sustainability and not only the international benchmarks but also
cultivating an ESG performance
ESG information. The information below the best practices recommendation of the ADX.
mindset across the organisation,
summarises our approach to sustainability and the We reached more than 6,880 people in the UAE
while addressing the economic
key highlights of our performance in 2024. and other countries, positively impacting their
expectations of our shareholders.
communities with our bespoke CSR
We focus on the performance, profitability and
programme.
We strive to be a leading provider efficiency of our operations and seek to enhance
the contribution and development of our people,
of sustainable, innovative and
while actively contributing to meeting the United
value creating polyolefin solutions
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
and we conduct our business
We are committed to exploring and driving
within the framework of our values,
opportunities towards a circular economy. As a
vision and mission, and in signatory of the Chemical Industry’s Responsible
accordance with applicable laws, Care® Global Charter, we apply best practices and
regulations and industry pursue continual improvement.
standards.”
Key achievements in 2024 in advancing our
sustainability agenda included:
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi
Chief Executive Officer • Borouge’s GHG abatement in 2024 was
82.6KtCOeq; with that, we achieved the mark
2
of cumulative +500KtCOeq abated per year,
2
since our long-term decarbonisation journey
started in 2020.
• We were for the first time indexed in an ESG
Borouge’s
rating, the S&P Global LargeMidCap ESG, and Sustainability
ranked in the top 16th percentile against more Report
is available on
than 500 global chemical companies.
our website
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 47

=== [AR2024.pdf p49] ===
Sustainability Summary continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
As set out in our Sustainability Policy, Profit: Economic growth Reporting is also mapped with elements from key Furthermore, information provided in our full
we commit to: • Maximising shareholder return throughout the ESG reporting standards and frameworks such as Sustainability Report regarding key material topics
People: Social responsibility value chain. the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board is being externally and independently assured
(SASB) for the Chemical Sector, the Task Force on by a third party using ISAE 3000 standards. To stay
• Fostering mutually beneficial partnerships • Enhancing the reputation of Borouge and the Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and aligned with evolving industry trends and
andsocial initiatives within the industry and image of the industry. United Nations Sustainable Development Goals stakeholder expectations, Borouge conducted a
society. Respecting and conforming to relevant (UN SDGs). We regularly review relevant ESG materiality refresh in 2024. This structured
• Sustaining the design, operational and technical
social,cultural, legal and ethical aspects of reporting standards and frameworks for their approach helps us to periodically assess and refine
integrity of our assets are sustained throughout
society. alignment with and contribution to improving our our ESG material topics, to reflect the most current
their lifecycle.
ESG reporting practices. priorities and emerging opportunities.
• Pursuing a goal of no harm to people and
• Strengthening organisational resilience through
society. The full Sustainability Report is available to view on
the application of effective risk management,
our website.
• Contributing to solutions that deliver a positive security and emergency preparedness, and
and sustainable impact on people’s lives. business continuity practices.
• Promoting the health and welfare of our people • Advancing the development of local
Our Sustainability Policy framework
and the communities where we operate. downstream industries and science and
engineering capabilities.
• Building diverse and multi-cultural human
capabilities and creating opportunities for • Optimising responsible global procurement and
individual growth. supply chain opportunities.
People
Planet: Environmental stewardship Our commitment to this Sustainability Policy is
Social responsibility
• Addressing global challenges such as climate demonstrated through visible leadership and
change, water and food scarcity, energy effective communication, a proactive sustainability
transition, healthcare needs and waste performance culture supported by transparent
management with innovative solutions. monitoring and reporting systems and investment
in our people, innovation and assets.
• Minimising waste and emissions, safeguarding
biodiversity, enhancing energy performance We engage with our stakeholders and encourage
and optimising the use of natural resources. them to comply with this Policy.
• Energy performance improvements are Sustainability reporting framework Planet Profit
considered throughout the duration of the Sustainability KPI’s are being reported in
intended lifecycle of our assets. accordance with GRI Sustainability Reporting Environmental Economic
Standards 2021 (GRI Standards). stewardship growth
• Optimising the positive health, safety,
environmental, energy and societal impacts of Borouge’s Sustainability report is aligned with the
our plastics throughout their lifecycle. ADX ESG Disclosure Guidelines.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 48

=== [AR2024.pdf p50] ===
Sustainability Summary continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Case study
Circular economy Borouge enhanced its portfolio of
recycled products in 2024 by
initiatives working with partners across the
value chain and with local recycling
companies.
Fully recyclable polyethylene
monomaterial pouches were
developed, using Anteo™ FK1510
and 1516 grades. Additionally,
plastic pallets made from 100%
Recycled content recycled polypropylene were
created, using UPI and UAE
100% recyclers. Borouge also innovated
new HDPE bottles, which are made
using up to 30% recycled materials.
Case study
Advancing Borouge has expanded its portfolio
of recycled products and enhanced its
circular partnerships with recycling companies
in 2024.
packaging and
An innovative new closed-loop solution
closing the loop was developed for Heavy Duty
Shipping Sacks (HDSS) – using
approximately 30% recycled
polyethylene. Enhanced by Borealis
Borstar® and Anteo™ PE grades, the
Recycled content new closed-loop solution helps
achieve packaging integrity and
30% processing efficiency. The
partnerships forged and enhanced in
2024 exemplify Borouge’s commitment
to fostering circularity and reducing
carbon footprints.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 49

=== [AR2024.pdf p51] ===
Sustainability Summary continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Environmental, social and governance indicators
The table below summarises our response to the ESG KPI’s required by the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange.
ADX ESG KPI’s for financial report
# Metric Calculation Remarks # Metric Calculation Remarks
1 E1. GHG Emissions E1.1) 3,582,697 tonnes 10 E10. Climate Risk Total amount invested, annually, in climate-related USD 13,029,921 invested for
Mitigation infrastructure, resilience, and product development environmental preservation (2024)
E1.2) 1,407,693 tonnes
11 S1. CEO Pay Ratio S1.1) R atio: CEO total compensation to median Full Time Data is not public due to
E1.3) I n 2024, internal assessment was done to measure
Equivalent (FTE) total compensation confidentiality constraints
Borouge Scope 3 emissions. Actual figures shall be
publicly shared in 2026 once its verification is 12 S2. Gender Pay Ratio Ratio: Median male compensation to median female • Ratio of female pay to male pay for
completed. compensation senior management level: 85%
2 E2. Emissions Intensity E2.1) 0.957 • Ratio of female pay to male pay for
middle management level: 98%
E2.2) A bsolute non-GHG emissions per type is available on
the 2024 Sustainability Report • Ratio of female pay to male pay for
staff level (Professional, Operational
3 E3. Energy Usage E3.1) 86.1 million GJ and Administrative): 126%
E3.2) 11.05 million GJ 13 S3. Employee Turnover S3.1) P ercentage: Year-over-year change for full-time -3%
4 E4. Energy Intensity 17.88 employees
5 E5. Energy Mix Natural Gas 33%, Process generated fuel 55%, S3.2) P ercentage: Year-over-year change for part-time We don’t have part-time employees
Electricity NG based 11% employees and contractors hence not monitored
and reported
6 E6. Water Usage E6.1) W ater withdrawn 1647.33 million m3 S3.3) P ercentage: Year-over-year change for contractors/
Water discharged 1641.99 million m3 consultants
Water recycled 0.20 million m3 14 S4. Gender Diversity S4.1) P ercentage: Total enterprise headcount held by men Men: 2,504 Women: 421
Water consumption 5.33 million m3 and women
7 E7. Environmental E7.1) D oes your company follow a formal Environmental Yes, Borouge follows an HSE policy of S4.2) P ercentage: Entry- and mid-level positions held by Refer to the sustainability report
Operations Policy? Yes/No which Environment is an integral part men and women
E7.2) D oes your company follow specific waste, water, Yes, Borouge follows HSE, S4.3) P ercentage: Senior- and executive-level positions held Refer to the sustainability report
energy, and/or recycling polices? Yes/No Sustainability and Energy policies by men and women
E7.3) D oes your company use a recognized energy Yes, Borouge follows Energy 15 S5. Temporary S5.2) P ercentage: Total enterprise headcount held by We don’t have part-time employees
management system? Management System ISO 50001, refer Worker Ratio part-time employees and contractors hence not monitored
to the sustainability report and reported
S5.2) P ercentage: Total enterprise headcount held by
8 E8. Environmental Does your Management Team oversee and/or manage Yes, refer to the sustainability report contractors and/or consultants
Oversight sustainability issues? Yes/No
16 S6. Non-Discrimination Does your company follow non-discrimination policy? Yes, refer to the sustainability report
9 E9. Environmental Does your Board oversee and/or manage sustainability Yes, refer to the sustainability report Yes/No
Oversight issues? Yes/No
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 50

=== [AR2024.pdf p52] ===
Sustainability Summary continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Environmental, social and governance indicators continued
ADX ESG KPI’s for financial report continued
# Metric Calculation Remarks # Metric Calculation Remarks
17 S7. Injury Rate Percentage: Frequency of injury events relative to total TRI Frequency: 0.07 31 G9. External Assurance Are your sustainability disclosures assured or verified by a Yes. Assurance statement by
workforce time third-party audit firm? Yes/ No third-party audit firm can be found on
the 2024 Sustainability Report
18 S8. Global Health S8.1) D oes your company follow an occupational health and/ Yes, refer to the sustainability report
& Safety or global health & safety policy? Yes/ No
19 S9. Child & Forced S9.1) D oes your company follow a child and/or forced labour Yes, refer to the sustainability report
Labour policy? Yes/No
20 S10. Human Rights S10.1) D oes your company follow a human rights policy? Yes, refer to the sustainability report
Yes/No
21 S11. Nationalisation Percentage of national employees 53.2%
22 S12. Community Amount invested in the community, as a percentage of AED 537,000
Investment company revenues.
23 G1. Board Diversity G1.1) P ercentage: Total board seats occupied by men and Please refer to Governance report,
women Pages 65-71
24 G2. Board G2.1) D oes your company prohibit the CEO from serving as
Independence board chair? Yes/No
25 G3. Incentivised Pay Are executives formally to perform on sustainability Yes, refer to the sustainability report
26 G4. Supplier Code G4.1) A re your vendors or suppliers required to follow a Please see Ethics and Compliance
of Conduct Code of Conduct? Yes/ No section of this report – Pages 81-82
27 G5. Ethics & Prevention G5.1) D oes your company follow an Ethics and/or Prevention
of Corruption of Corruption policy? Yes/No
28 G6. Data Privacy G6.1) D oes your company follow a Data Privacy policy?
Yes/No
29 G7. Sustainability Does your company publish a sustainability report? Yes
Reporting
30 G8. Disclosure G8.1) D oes your company provide sustainability data to Yes, Sustainability report follows GRI
Practices sustainability reporting frameworks? 2021
G8.2) D oes your company focus on specific UN Sustainable Borouge Sustainability report focuses
Development Goals (SDGs)? on applicable UNSDG’s, SDG 2,3,6,7,
8,9,11,12,13,14
G8.3) D oes your company set targets and report progress No
on the UN SDGs? Yes/ No
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 51

=== [AR2024.pdf p53] ===
Our People Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Our People
At Borouge, our people are at the heart of everything we do. As a global company Key achievements • Talent Development delivered 35 sessions
under the Leadership Ecosystem programme
operating across Asia, the Middle East and Africa, we take pride in our diverse In 2024, our employees played a central role in
covering 670 participants across the
workforce of over 2,900 employees representing over 50 nationalities. Our achieving Borouge’s milestones and goals. Their
organisation.
dedication and hard work were key to meeting the
inclusive culture fosters collaboration among individuals from various backgrounds,
Company’s targets. The commitment of our team • TAJHEEZ Programme 2.0 was completed with
working together harmoniously as one team. United by our core values, we strive
members ensured that we could deliver on our 62 participants, offering a comprehensive and
towards a shared vision, reinforcing our commitment to excellence and growth. promises and reach significant milestones. This enriching experience by covering various
collective effort highlights the importance of aspects of Borouge’s operations.
everyone’s contribution to the overall success of
the Company. • Certified 74% of Asset Management
Technicians, Senior Technicians and
Human Capital continues to invest in the Supervisors.
development and growth of its employees.
It creates a culture of retention by retaining valuable • 20 Tier 1 and 14 Tier 2 DCS Certifications have
talent, which contributes to business growth. We been completed by UAE National Operators.
have provided opportunities for employees to learn
• Conducted two-day technical orientation for
new skills, advance in their careers, and take on
new employees, including Borouge 4 under
new challenges important to them. Some
Marhaba Ruwais Onboarding Programme.
remarkable achievements related to people
development and opportunities include: Diversity and inclusion
• Conducted 62,806 hours of training across all One of our commitments is to ensure that we
our programmes. attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce.
Employees from different backgrounds,
• Conducted 299 training sessions for 7,872 experiences and viewpoints are critical to
participants (direct hire employees and advancing innovation in our business.
contractors).
By bringing together a diverse team, we can
• Delivered 40,112-man hour HSE training leverage a wide range of perspectives and ideas,
amounting to USD 500,000 cost savings. which fosters creativity and leads to more
innovative solutions.
• 22 Borouge Trainees who participated in the
fresh graduate programme completed 100%
YDP and integrated.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 52

=== [AR2024.pdf p54] ===
Our People continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
At the end of 2024, our workforce comprised of Employee engagement & culture
Recruitment in 2024
14.5% of female employees across all areas of
Employee engagement is a critical factor in the
Total experienced 189
operations, with 19.2% of females handling
success and sustainability of any organisation.
Total graduates 20
management positions.
Engaged employees are more likely to be
Emiratisation on recruitment 53.4%
Borouge supports the importance of Gender motivated, productive, and committed to their roles, Including graduates female diversity 9%
Balance and women’s empowerment in the which in turn leads to numerous benefits for the
organisation as aligned with the vision of UAE’s organisation. In Borouge, its leaders and managers UAE national Non-UAE national
Leadership. The Company continues to provide continue to engage with employees providing Graduates Experienced Experienced
top-of-the-line professional development regular updates and enhanced two-way Female 0 Female 9 Female 8
opportunities for their continued advancement communication platforms encouraging effective Male 20 Male 98 Male 74
and continues to attract high-calibre female and positive exchange of information and ideas. 20 107 82
candidates to its growing workforce. The Company takes pride in its holistic approach
in terms of employee well-being, encompassing
Developing local talent the four dimensions of social, people, work and
Borouge firmly believes that upskilling UAE environment. We have organised numerous
Nationals is important in nation-building. Our track well-being activities that support the work-life
record speaks volumes when it comes to the balance of our people, promoting a positive
Borouge believes in the
Emiratisation efforts we have implemented over the work environment.
years, resulting in a highly competitive Emirati empowerment of its people
The Company places high importance on
workforce in our organisation. organisational culture as a key driving force in to achieve their full potential.
At the end of 2024, we achieved our Emiratisation creating positive changes across the organisation. Our people are the key
targets, with our total Emirati workforce reaching Hence, in 2024, the Culture Renovation Programme
1,271 employees equivalent to 53.2% of our was implemented with the objective of creating a drivers in our organisation’s
workforce. high-performance and accountable culture deeply continued growth and success.
rooted in our values and behaviours through
We have established a dedicated function to train positive culture shifts. To support the programme,
secondary and tertiary Emirati graduates, as well a Culture and Engagement Action Plan was
as to create and deliver development programmes developed, and a committee was established to
to support them in their career progression at oversee and facilitate the progress of the plan and
Borouge. conduct activities supporting the action plan. At
Over the years, we have continued to provide local the end of 2024, all actions identified were
recruits with international exposure and successfully implemented.
opportunities, career growth and development,
meeting high standards of excellence, making
Borouge an employer of choice in the UAE.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 53

=== [AR2024.pdf p55] ===
Our People continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
2024 People survey development. This refinement has enabled and create positive change geared towards
The employee engagement survey provides a employees and leaders to engage in more extraordinary results.
structured method for organisations to collect meaningful discussions, enhancing transparency
Youth empowerment
feedback from the workforce. As a Company that and alignment with organisational goals.
In 2024, we continued to develop the potential of
values its dedicated employees for its continued Additionally, the integration of data analytics in our young entry point professionals, integrating
success, the 2024 People Survey is an important performance reviews has provided deeper insights them into our business to take on greater
platform to gather employee insights and feedback. into trends, high-potential talent and areas for responsibilities both within their respective
The survey focused on the Company’s key areas of development. Our commitment to well-being and functions and in the wider Borouge organisation.
focus: (1) Employee Engagement, (2) Employee support systems within performance management
Experience, (3) Culture, (4) Artificial intelligence frameworks continues to drive engagement, Borouge talent management
(AI). The survey results in the majority of all topics motivation, and long-term success. The following are 2024 achievements for young
saw an upward trend as compared to the last
talents integrating into the organisation:
engagement survey in 2022, which is an indication Overall, 2024 marks a year of sustained progress in
of the general workforce’s positive perception of performance management, setting a strong • Accelerated foundation technical training for
the Company’s efforts to enhance further the foundation for continued excellence and workforce operators.
engagement of its people. An engagement action development in the years ahead. • 45 talent mobility cases within Borouge during
• 6 EPEs were integrated under our Youth 2024 had the opportunity to enrich their
plan at the Company and functional level will be
Learning and development Development Programme. learnings and development by involving in
crafted based on the survey result to further
address areas and dimensions that require Borouge provides internal and external training • 20 ADNOC Training Academy (ATA) Trainees various projects and leadership development
attention. Regular monitoring of the implementation opportunities such as eLearning, on-the-job completed 65% On Job Training Programme plan.
of action plans and their impact on employee training, classroom training, learning from others and graduated. Leadership programme
engagement were also undertaken during the (coaching and mentoring) and specialised training.
• The Leadership Ecosystem includes
course of the year. Competency streams
Using ADNOC’s Learning Management System programmes such as Influence Craft, Strategy
Performance management (LMS), we have provided our people with select HSE Critical Roles & Competence Standard Master, Coaching Catalyst, Rising Star Woman,
e-learning opportunities based on their individual 71% Implementation for Operators, Technicians and Accelerate Financial and Business
Building on last year’s progress, 2024 has been a
needs and interests. Some of the e-learning offered and Supervisors compared to the 2024 target of Acumen.
year of enhanced performance management,
included management, HSE, leadership, technical, 60%.
reinforcing our commitment to continuous • The Elite Programme, targeting high-potential
role-related and interpersonal skills.
development and accountability. The utilisation of Asset Integrity & Process Safety Standard successors, incorporates project-based
the Continuous Performance Management (CPM) Supporting our business priorities, we delivered the 71% Implementation for Operators, Technicians learning, senior management mentoring, DISC
system has been further strengthened, ensuring following key training activities: and Supervisors compared to 60% target in 2024. psychometric profiling with one-on-one
that real-time feedback, structured discussions, coaching and specialised toolkits.
and data-driven insights remain at the core of our Coaching for transformation Internship programme
performance culture. We have relaunched the coaching platform in SAP • Borouge welcomed 92 Interns in 2024, where • Designed comprehensive toolkits to accompany
for all employees, enabling the support of our they have been given the opportunity to gain each programme so as to reinforce learning and
For the second consecutive year, we have certified and professional internal coaches at basic work experience and fulfil their graduation create lasting behavioural changes, contributing
introduced solid subcategories within CPM, Borouge to help employees tap into their potential, requirements. to a positive ROI as evaluated through
allowing for more precise evaluations, clearer unlock creativity and productivity, participant feedback.
performance expectations, and improved talent
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 54

=== [AR2024.pdf p56] ===
Risk Management Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Enterprise risk management
Borouge adeptly navigated a dynamic This approach has provided us with a competitive Risk assessment methodology
advantage, ensuring sustainable growth, preserving
global landscape, demonstrating Borouge’s risk assessment methodology aligns
company value, and achieving our objectives. Borouge manages a strong,
resilience amid significant with the ISO:31000 model and best practices. We
macroeconomic and geopolitical Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is embedded systematically identify, assess and analyse risks, integrated and agile risk culture
challenges. By leveraging a robust throughout the organisation to ensure that Borouge including scenario-based risk assessments, mindset that addresses risk
effectively manages all risks to meet its short and considering both internal and external factors that
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) long-term business and growth objectives. ERM influence our operations. This structured approach holistically.
framework and practices, we adopts an integrated and dynamic approach to ensures that risk considerations affecting our core
proactively identified threats and addressing both known and emerging risks and objectives are thoroughly evaluated, enabling
engaged in strategic risk deliberations. unforeseen business interruptions. informed decision-making and safeguarding the
Company’s strategy and performance.
Risk culture
Our systematic risk assessment and profiling
At Borouge, we continuously embed a resilient risk
process promotes a unified strategy for identifying
culture by integrating our Enterprise Risk
and analysing risks across the Company. Regular,
Management (ERM) framework into all key
periodic reviews involve collaboration between
business activities. This involves incorporating
management and subject matter experts, fostering
global ERM standards into the framework and risk
a robust and adaptable risk management system at
considerations into decision-making processes,
Borouge. The objective is to deliver value through
strategic and business planning, day-to-day
risk-based management and decision-making by
operations and projects and investments.
establishing sound risk management practices in
Additionally, we maintain proactive risk
all business areas and operating locations.
conversations with internal and external
stakeholders across various management
platforms. Our goal is to create and realise
stakeholder value through a proactive and
comprehensive approach to risk management
aimed to be ‘best-in-class’.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 55

=== [AR2024.pdf p57] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
BARRIER/CONTROLS
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 56
KSIR/ESUAC/TAERHT
CONSEQUENCE
Risk Management continued
The analysis also involves the identification of
existing controls and gauging their adequacy and
Borouge constantly monitors effectiveness using ‘Risk Control Effectiveness’ Risk Reporting Establishing the Context
risks and mitigation levers (RCE) definitions to manage the risk. Functional top risks as well as Refers to the consideration of
Company top risks are reported the external and internal context
in accordance with our This includes quantitative (guided by the approved to the management which the function operates in
risk matrix and financial thresholds) and qualitative Risk Establishing
risk appetite.
(subjective) risk analysis in determining the Reporting the Context
appropriate risk strategies to mitigate the
organisation’s threats. Risk Identification
Establishing the context
Establishing the context defines the basic Through our identification process, we also Risk Risk Re fr fe o r m s t t o h e th i e n t i e d r e n n a t l i f a ic n a d t i e o x n t e o r f n r a is l k s
parameters for managing risk and sets the scope investigate the opportunities hidden in the risks and Evaluation Identification context, which could prevent the
for the risk management process. The context challenges/risks associated with business and Analysis achievement of objectives
includes the external environment in which initiatives/opportunities.
Risk Evaluation
Borouge operates and the internal environment Risk Evaluation
Risk bowtie Refers to the prioritisation of
where the respective functions and departments risks. Action plans are created Refers to the prioritisation of
operate within the organisation. The context may The bowtie method is a diagrammatic way of for additional mitigation of risks. Action plans are created
also be derived from our value drivers, describing and analysing the pathways/ some risks for addi s ti o o m na e l m ris it k ig s ation of
shareholders’ expectations and the organisational progression of risk from its causes (threats) to its
structure of Borouge. consequences. Bowtie diagrams provide a
systematic approach towards understanding a risk,
Risk identification facilitate the identification of controls (barriers) and ESCALATION/RESPONSE/RECOVERY
Risk identification is the process of determining assess their effectiveness in mitigating the effects of
where, when, why and how risk events can arise the risk. The bowtie diagram displays the range of
that may prevent, delay or enhance the causes (threats) and potential consequences by
achievement of Borouge’s business goals or our listing the risk in the causation path of threat-event
functions’ objectives, as well as the implementation consequence. It also differentiates between
of strategies and specific plans and initiatives. preventive (pre-event) controls and reactive
(post-event) controls. The bowtie method is used at
RISK/TOP EVENT
Risk analysis Borouge to integrate risk management into business
Risk analysis refers to the understanding of the risk. continuity, where escalation, response and initial
It involves a series of activities looking into the recovery strategies can prevent further escalation.
causes of the risk, its positive and negative
consequences, and the likelihood that those
consequences may occur. Risk analysis assesses
these potential threats (causes) and aligns them to
a specific event to which the threats could lead. RISK LANDSCAPE BUSINESS CONTINUITY LANDSCAPE

=== [AR2024.pdf p58] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Risk evaluation Monitoring and review Risk treatment
The goal of risk evaluation is to decide which risks Risk and its mitigations are constantly monitored
Appropriate risk treatment may be required
require future controls and to assign priorities to to ensure risk levels are managed in accordance
based on the results of the risk analysis,
these action plans. with the Company’s appetite and tolerance. This
evaluation of current controls, and the risk
involves regularly discussing and reviewing risks
This is based on the outcome of the risk analysis, appetite and tolerance set by management.
with risk owners and tracking the progress of
as well as the established risk appetite and
risk mitigation efforts.
tolerance set by the management. The adequacy,
criticality, and effectiveness of existing controls will This provides stakeholders with reasonable
affect the residual (current) risk rating and assurance that risks are being effectively
determine if additional actions are required. Risks managed across the organisation.
that are considered unacceptable or intolerable The Internal Audit Department is responsible for Reduce
prompt the development of action plans to reduce
assessing the risk management processes at likelihood
them to an acceptable level.
Borouge and identifying areas for improvement. (Prevent)
Communication and consultation They will also conduct audits on Borouge’s
In addition to periodic risk reporting and functions to ensure internal controls are efficient Terminate Reduce
and effective in managing risks.
deliberations on the Management Committee and activity impact
Board platforms, risk information is communicated As part of its continuous improvement efforts, to avoid (Mitigate)
via various channels to support active and effective the department considers feedback from risk
risk management across Borouge. This includes risk management and risk champions when
assessment in the Business Continuity management developing the annual ERM plan.
system, Borouge capital projects, and the i5 Project RISK
Management Approach (i5 is problem-solving and Risk management framework
project management excellence). We have established our ERM framework based
Take on
on the industry’s best practices, specifically the
Borouge has an integrated business planning more risks
process where risks are assessed as part of the I h S e O lp : s 3 1 u 0 s 0 i 0 n t a e n g d ra C te O E S R O M E in R t M o k G e u y id b a u n si c n e e . s T s h is to exploit Transfer it
overall business plan; the risk of the business plan is
activities, including business planning, opportunity
identified, ensuring that critical business activities
decision-making, governance processes and
are robust enough to meet the Company’s
operations, to maximise stakeholder value.
objectives. Risk information is also communicated to
Accept it
the Borouge audit team annually. In return, the audit
and assurance function may identify new risks or
assess current risks discovered during their audit.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 57

=== [AR2024.pdf p59] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Risk oversight structure
APPROVAL CEO
BOROUGE
ALIGNMENT MANAGEMENT
VERIFICATION VP VP VP VP
IDENTIFY
ANALYSE RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS RISK CHAMPIONS
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is Emerging risks Risk management highlights and
embedded throughout the organisation In our commitment to resilience, we continuously achievements
Our proactive approach
to ensure that Borouge effectively evaluate emerging risks to stay ahead of external • Ongoing reporting and discussion of emerging
manages all risks to meet its short- factors that may impact our objectives and risks at management committees, audit enables us to adapt to volatility
and long-term business and growth performance. This process involves regular committee meetings and leadership platforms. and maintain resilience in
monitoring and analysis of the external environment
goals. ERM adopts an integrated and to identify new and evolving risks. These emerging • Providing risk insights to support Borouge’s achieving our strategic goals.
management and strategic growth initiatives.
proactive approach towards addressing risks are deliberated at various management
various risks and unforeseen business committees, ensuring that leadership is informed • Conducting scenario risk assessments to aid
interruptions. and prepared to address potential challenges. business functions in navigating market
When possible, identified emerging risks are linked disruptions and global events.
to existing risks, allowing for a cohesive risk
management strategy. Risk mitigation plans are
then defined, monitored and tracked to ensure
effective mitigation and response. This proactive
approach enables us to adapt to volatility and
maintain resilience in achieving our strategic goals.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 58

=== [AR2024.pdf p60] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge principal risks Description Mitigation
Borouge
Health, safety and As a petrochemical company, Borouge is committed to operating in a safe We continue our commitment to operating in a safe environment
environment. Safeguarding our people and assets is our top priority. and reliably safeguarding our people and assets by adhering to
principal risks environment (HSE) Borouge operates in a highly integrated complex that is subject to inherent HSE standards. Borouge embarks on various programmes,
operational risks. We are exposed to HSE and process safety incidents such as HSE Culture Transformation and Behavioural-based
such as loss of primary containment, Safety initiatives, to enhance the safety culture within the
fire/explosions, and release of toxic gases and hazardous chemicals. Company. We also take into account asset integrity and
The impact of these incidents could result in the loss of people and assets process safety (AIPS), with a systematic approach which is
and subsequently lead to adverse financial and reputation outcomes. In aimed at identifying, evaluating, and controlling significant
addition, the Company is involved in major projects and turnaround process hazards and risks.
activities with a high amount of manpower on-site, which would cause
Throughout the year 2024, the petrochemical industry further exposure to these risks.
encountered several regional and global challenges, Strategic risk The increase in global sustainability legislation and regulations could Since 2018, Borouge has established a robust decarbonisation
impact our business. The rapidly evolving non-financial disclosure strategy, reducing our GHG intensity and increasing reporting. The
including market volatility, supply chain disruptions and
landscape poses challenges as diverse regulatory and voluntary bodies Company reports in accordance with the ESG standards of ADX
geopolitical tensions. In this challenging environment, demand compliance, each with its unique expectations. In alignment and has made significant progress in meeting the Task Force on
with global as well as UAE net-zero vision, Borouge remains active in Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) requirements in our
our dedication to innovation, operational, commercial
monitoring climate change and energy transition risks, integrating their 2024 Sustainability Report.
excellence and strategic positioning enabled us to impacts into performance and financial considerations. Increasing We also benchmark our ESG standards against independent
maintain and enhance Borouge’s strong market position oversight related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions could lead to ratings agencies, notably the CSA from S&P, where we qualified in
heightened regulatory scrutiny, potentially elevating compliance costs the top quintile in 2024 among more than 500 chemical companies
while achieving remarkable financial performance. and imposing operational restrictions. worldwide. Moving forward, we will continue to align our business
objectives with dynamic market and industry changes, enhancing
Our proactive and prompt approach, characterised by rapid our readiness and resilience.
responses to emerging risks and opportunities, allowed us to Our circular economy initiatives are making significant strides,
with new recycling partnerships offering sustainable solutions
navigate these challenges with agility and sustain our competitive
and benefitting both customers and brands. In 2024, Borouge
advantage. By continuously monitoring the market and swiftly expanded its recycled product portfolio and collaborated with
addressing potential disruptions, we effectively mitigated risks and recycling companies across its sales territory, targeting
capitalised on opportunities as they arose. This dynamic strategy high-value markets.
ensured that we remained ahead of industry trends, adapting These efforts have not only bolstered our market presence but also
promptly to changes and reinforcing our resilience in a volatile provided customers with high-performance, reliable solutions. Key
applications where recyclate containing solutions have been
landscape.
developed and successfully commercialised range from
substitution of wooden pallets with 100% recyclable PP, recycled
Our integrated Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework was
HDPE content in detergent, shampoo and lube oil bottles up to
instrumental in managing risks and capitalising on opportunities, collation rLD containing shrink films for bundled products.
reinforcing our resilience and adaptability in a volatile environment.
Throughout the year, we proactively identified, aligned, and
integrated principal risks with our business strategies and objectives
on a regular basis. This ensured that both internal and external risks
were managed in a resilient manner through our strong ERM
governance practices across the Company.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 59

=== [AR2024.pdf p61] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge principal risks continued Description Mitigation
Market dynamics The rapidly changing market dynamics necessitate a strong focus on innovation to maintain a competitive edge. By fostering a culture of innovation and investing in research and development, Borouge
creates advanced materials and solutions that meet evolving customer needs. This focus
and innovation risk ensures we stay ahead of industry trends, enhance operational efficiency, and deliver
sustainable value to stakeholders.
Our robust and attractive product portfolio, including Borstar® PE, PP and XLPE solutions,
allows us to respond swiftly to market changes. By prioritising innovation, we adapt
proactively to market shifts and capitalise on new opportunities. Our advanced polyolefin
solutions for infrastructure, energy, packaging and mobility applications significantly
enhance customer and consumer experiences.
By continuously innovating and developing leading energy grades into our infrastructure
portfolio, we are able to add more reliability and efficiency to our customers. This proactive
approach strengthens Borouge and its customer competitive advantage.
Geopolitical risk In an increasingly interconnected world, Borouge addresses significant geopolitical risks that could impact its operations and strategic Borouge has implemented robust risk action plans, including diversifying its supply
objectives. The ongoing situation in the Red Sea region remains a concern. As a vital conduit for global trade, the Red Sea has experienced chain, enhancing its logistics capabilities, and leveraging strategic partnerships to
instability due to ongoing conflicts and disruptions to commercial vessels. This has led to interruptions in maritime activity, increased ensure resilience against geopolitical disruptions. Borouge also continuously monitors
shipping costs and longer transit times, all of which pose challenges to Borouge’s value chain. geopolitical developments and engages with stakeholders to proactively address
potential risks and capitalise on emerging opportunities.
By staying vigilant and adaptive, Borouge aims to navigate the complexities of the
geopolitical landscape and maintain its position as an industry leader. The Company’s
commitment to innovation, sustainability and operational excellence will be key to
overcoming these challenges and delivering long-term value to its stakeholders.
Macroeconomic risk In 2024, global market volatility, influenced by economic uncertainties, financial market fluctuations and geopolitical events, posed significant Borouge strategically navigated these uncertainties by leveraging revenue optimisation
challenges to the petrochemical industry. These factors disrupted supply and demand dynamics, leading to price swings in feedstock and and value creation programmes, agile pricing strategies, and a focus on value and
finished products. Ongoing economic fluctuations, heightened by high interest rates and bearish market sentiment, impacted downstream differentiation to secure volume. The Company proactively adapted to market dynamics,
demand in specific industry sectors and key markets. emphasising value and differentiation in product offerings to ensure continuity in
Additionally, technological competition and increased capital investment globally contributed to market complexity through innovation and delivering to customers.
vertical integration among suppliers and converters. These competitive pressures also resulted in various trade policies imposed by major
and emerging markets.
Operating efficiencies and production costs are key factors affecting competition in chemical production, and inefficiencies in these areas
within the regions in which we operate could materially and adversely impact Borouge’s business, financial position and operational results.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 60

=== [AR2024.pdf p62] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge principal risks continued Description Mitigation
Strategic growth risk The achievement of our strategic growth objectives is built on the successful, timely, and cost-effective delivery of capital projects. Each Borouge remains committed to strategic growth projects such as Borouge 4 and
project brings a range of risks. operational excellence. Our focus on timely and cost-effective delivery of growth
projects, whether independently or through partnerships, includes the establishment of
new plants and the enhancement of existing facilities. By closely monitoring and
mitigating risks such as cost overruns, liabilities, market fluctuations, labour shortages,
and supply chain disruptions we continue to deliver our growth projects on time and with
minimum impact on budget. Growth projects are pivotal to Borouge’s success, enabling
expansion and reinforcing our position as an important global player. We continue to
strive for excellence in project execution to ensure sustainable growth and value creation
for our stakeholders.
Operational risk The integrated value chain at Borouge, from feedstock supply, integrated manufacturing facilities and to product deliveries, is essential to the To address these challenges, Borouge has implemented various measures and initiatives
Company’s operations. Disruptions in this value chain can significantly impact performance, reputation, operational costs and customer to closely monitor all business aspects. This includes maximising the security of critical
deliveries. Ensuring the reliability of feedstock, raw materials and spare parts supply is a primary focus, especially in the current geopolitical raw materials supply through long-term feedstock contracts, which ensure continuity of
climate and shifting trade policies between major economies. operations, and ensuring timely delivery to customers. These efforts highlight Borouge’s
commitment to maintaining a resilient and adaptable value chain, which is vital for
sustaining business operations and achieving strategic growth objectives.
Supply Chain risk The global shipping industry faced a multitude of risks, both regionally and globally, impacting operations and supply chains. Regionally, the Borouge has proactively established a task force, mitigation strategies and action plans
Middle East and the Red Sea were significantly affected by ongoing geopolitical tensions, resulting in rerouted vessels and increased by exploring multiple alternatives based on various scenarios. This approach ensures
operational costs and transit times. Additionally, territorial disputes in the South China Sea continued to pose risks for shipping lines, with readiness and business continuity, enabling the Company to navigate the complex and
potential conflicts affecting the region and reliability of shipping lanes. evolving risk landscape effectively.
Cyber Security risk Borouge’s operations rely on various operating systems to function efficiently. However, in an era of rapid technological advancements and To address these challenges, Borouge has proactively enhanced its cyber security
the rise of artificial intelligence, cyber security threats pose potential risks to our people and assets. controls. We have implemented robust IT and OT security measures and vulnerability
management solutions to strengthen our defences against these evolving threats. In
2024, the industry saw a significant rise in cyber-attacks targeting critical infrastructure,
with ransomware and hacktivist attacks causing operational shutdowns and financial
losses. By continuously improving our cybersecurity posture, Borouge aims to safeguard
our operations and ensure the delivery of value to our stakeholders.
Data risk In addition to cybersecurity threats, data protection risks have become increasingly significant. Borouge recognises the importance of Borouge has implemented comprehensive data protection measures, including
protecting sensitive data, including customer information, intellectual property and operational data. encryption, access controls and regular audits. We also conduct employee training
programmes to raise awareness about data privacy and security best practices. By
prioritising data protection, Borouge aims to minimise the risk of data breaches and
ensure compliance with relevant data protection regulations.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 61

=== [AR2024.pdf p63] ===
Risk Management continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge principal risks continued Description Mitigation
Financial risk Borouge operates within a complex economic and financial landscape influenced by global political and economic volatilities. Utilising various To manage and adapt to financial market volatility, Borouge has implemented agile and
financial instruments is crucial for raising substantial capital to meet operational requirements and drive strategic growth. However, challenges in proactive initiatives. These include hedging strategies, a robust credit policy, and other
accessing debt markets pose a significant risk to our liquidity, potentially causing substantial disruptions to our operations and growth projects. controls and mitigations to ensure resilience. By continuously monitoring and adjusting to
Additionally, fluctuations in interest rates add an additional layer of complexity to our financial considerations amid ever-changing market market conditions, Borouge aims to safeguard its financial health and maintain
conditions. operational continuity.
Borouge is also exposed to credit risk, as counterparties may fail to fulfil their payment and performance obligations under contractual
arrangements, impacting our sales and financial stability. Persistent inflation, high interest rates, and broader economic uncertainties further
exacerbate these challenges. The global economic slowdown and geopolitical tensions, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have
heightened these risks, affecting market confidence and financial stability.
People risk Borouge’s people are an integral part of the Company, and its ability to retain knowledge and skill sets is key to the Company’s growth and Acknowledging the competition for talent and the risk of knowledge retention,
competitiveness. The increasing demand for specialists with niche technical skill sets, experienced employees, and rapid technological Borouge continuously evolves its human capital strategies. These include developing
changes contribute to talent scarcity, impacting the Company’s business continuity and targets. This competition for resources makes it robust succession planning for critical positions and establishing a knowledge
challenging to meet evolving business and operational requirements. management programme.
Additionally, having the right skill sets is crucial for enabling strategic growth projects
and ensuring the Company can deliver its business plan and targets.
Logistic and Our operations rely on logistics services to transport our products to customers in different regions. The global shipping industry faces a Borouge’s proactive measures and strategic approach ensure that the Company
multitude of risks, both regionally and globally, impacting operations and supply chains. Regionally, certain areas are significantly affected by effectively navigates the complex and evolving risk landscape, providing assurance of
Distribution risk geopolitical tensions, resulting in rerouted vessels and increased operational costs and transit times. Borouge has established task forces, business continuity.
mitigation strategies, and action plans to ensure readiness and business continuity.
Additionally, territorial disputes in various strategic waterways pose risks for shipping lines, with potential conflicts affecting the safety and
reliability of shipping lanes.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 62

=== [AR2024.pdf p64] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Governance
Report
Governance Report
Board of Directors 64
Executive Management 71
Board Committees 74
General Information 77
Ethics and Compliance Programme 81
Transactions with Related Parties 83
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 63

=== [AR2024.pdf p65] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Board of Directors
Committed to
standards of
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Mr. Stefan Doboczky Mr. Khaled Salmeen Mr. Abdulaziz Alharjri
Chairman Director and Vice Chairman Director Director
corporate governance
Our Board of Directors (or “Board”) is
committed to standards of corporate
governance that are aligned with
international best practice. As per the
Articles of Association of the Company,
it comprises eleven members but since Mr. Khaled Mohamed Zaabi Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi Ms. Tasnim Arnaish
Director Director Director
the incorporation of the Company, one
of the directors has resigned and not
been replaced yet.
Ms. Daniela Vlad Mr. Philippe René Roodhooft Mr. Thomas Michael Bosen
Director Director Director
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 64

=== [AR2024.pdf p66] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
The Board of Directors has adopted H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber – Chairman Stefan Doboczky – Director – Vice Chairman In his previous role, Salmeen led the Marketing, Supply,
and Trading Directorate of ADNOC. His leadership
a Group Management and Governance H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber has been serving as Minister Stefan Doboczky, an Austrian citizen, was appointed CEO of
experience includes roles as CEO of Khalifa Industrial
of Industry and Advanced Technology since July 2020, as Borealis in July 2024. His career started in 1992 with ARCO
Policy which includes various principles Zone Abu Dhabi (KIZAD), Chairman of Abu Dhabi
the UAE’s special climate envoy since November 2020, as a Chemical in the UK, where he spent seven years before
applicable to the management of the member of Abu Dhabi Supreme Council for Financial and joining Royal DSM, where he held successive senior Terminals, and COO of Tabreed.
Borouge Group and the make-up of the Economic Affairs since December 2020, as Minister of State management and executive board positions in the Salmeen holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from
Board, including that there must be at of the UAE Cabinet from March 2013 to July 2020, as Netherlands, China and Singapore over a period of 17 the Colorado School of Mines and an Executive MBA from
Chairman of the National Media Council from 2016 to July years. INSEAD.
least one female director, the manner of 2020, as Group Chief Executive Officer of ADNOC since
exercise of Borouge’s rights as a February 2016 and additionally Managing Director of In 2015, he was appointed CEO of Lenzing AG, a position Mr. Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri – Director
he held for six years before private equity in the specialty
shareholder in PTE and the exercise of ADNOC since February 2021. From January 2014 to chemicals arena with SK Capital and Heubach in 2022. Mr. Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri was appointed as a member
February 2016, he served as Chief Executive Officer, Energy, of the Board of Directors as of the establishment of the
Borouge’s rights to appoint, remove and of Mubadala Development Company. He has been a member of the OMV Supervisory Board Company. Mr. Alhajri was the Executive Director of
replace seven of the directors of PTE. since 2019, from which he stepped down due to his new Downstream at ADNOC from May 2016 until his retirement
H.E. Dr. Al Jaber is also Chairman of several ADNOC Group
The policy also governs the appointment, companies, Chairman of Masdar, Chairman of Emirates role at Borealis. in April 2021. From 2016 to 2021, Mr. Alhajri served as
chairman of the Board of Directors of PTE. From 2007 to
removal and replacement of certain Development Bank, Chairman of FAB Misr and Chairman of Stefan Doboczky holds a Ph.D. in Chemistry from the
2016, Mr. Alhajri was the Chief Executive Officer of ADP.
other Group personnel (including the the Board of Trustees of Mohammed bin Zayed University of Vienna University of Technology, Austria and an MBA from
Artificial Intelligence, as well as a member of the Board of IMD Lausanne, Switzerland. Mr. Alhajri currently serves as a member of the Board of
chief financial officer and chief Directors of Advanced Technology Research Council, Directors of Abu Dhabi Oil Refining Company (Takreer), Abu
operating officer). Mubadala Investment Company, Emirates Global Aluminium, Mr. Khaled Salmeen – Director Dhabi National Oil Company for Distribution PJSC, ADP and
Emirates Investment Authority and First Abu Dhabi Bank. Khaled Salmeen is the CEO of Downstream at ADNOC, Arkan Building Materials PJSC. Mr. Alhajri holds a
Borouge’s articles of association further H.E. Dr. Al Jaber holds a PhD in business and economics where he oversees the entire downstream value chain. He Bachelor’s degree of Science in Chemical Engineering from
from Coventry University in the United Kingdom, an MBA is committed to driving performance, maximising the University of Texas in the United States.
require that each director serves a from the California State University, and a Bachelor in efficiency, and delivering strong, sustainable growth
three-year term, after which a director Chemical Engineering from the University of Southern across all stages of the downstream sector.
may be elected to a successive term California, USA. Salmeen has been a driving force behind the successful
or terms. public listing of five downstream companies, the strategic
consolidation of ADNOC’s gas businesses, and the launch
of high-impact ventures like TA’ZIZ.
Additionally, as a proven dealmaker, Salmeen has led
major transactions that have expanded ADNOC’s global
footprint, reinforcing ADNOC’s position as a regional and
international leader.
Salmeen holds board positions at ADNOC Logistics and
Services, ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Gas, Borouge ADP,
Fertiglobe, ADNOC Global Trading, and ADNOC
Distribution. He chairs the boards of Borouge PTE,
ADNOC Trading, TA’ZIZ, and Abu Dhabi Gas Distribution,
and serves on the boards of NGSCO and OMV.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 65

=== [AR2024.pdf p67] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish – Director Mr. Khaled Mohamed Abdulla Alalkeem Al Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi – Director Ms. Daniela Vlad – Director
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish Al Mzaini is currently serving as Zaabi – Director Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi was appointed as a member of the Daniela Vlad was appointed as a member of the Board of
ADNOC’s Senior Vice President of the Gas Business Mr. Al Zaabi is ADNOC Group Chief Financial Officer and Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Directors on 6 June 2023 and has been a member of the
Function. In her current role, Tasnim oversees ADNOC’s oversees the formulation and execution of comprehensive Executive Board of OMV Aktiengesellschaft since
Mr. Al Nuaimi is a seasoned finance executive currently
largest asset management team, responsible for multiple financial strategy, investments, planning, performance, 1 February 2023. In this function, she took over the
serving as the Executive Vice President of ADNOC’s Group
privately held and publicly listed entities with an equity operational efficiency, treasury, risk management, and Chemicals & Materials division of OMV to further strengthen
Financial Planning & Assurance. Mr. Al Nuaimi Assumed
ownership valued at approximately USD 80 billion. Her team strategic partnerships. In his role, he provides visionary expand and diversify the chemicals business. She resigned
various strategic roles in ADNOC Finance & Investment
focuses on improving the risk/return profile, efficiency, and leadership, driving the execution of ADNOC’s investment as a Borouge Plc board member as well as from the
directorate, including Senior Vice President of Accounting,
effectiveness of midstream assets, which contributes strategy, and advancing the company’s sustainability Executive Board of OMV Aktiengesellschaft by end of
Strategy Reporting and Tax as well as the Senior Vice
significantly to value generation across ADNOC’s upstream agenda in alignment with its financial strategy. Mr. Al Zaabi February 2025.
President of Financial Policies, Systems and Controls at
and downstream portfolios. ensures effective regulatory compliance, facilitating
ADNOC. Prior to ADNOC, Mr. Al Nuaimi was the Chief After her studies – the Romanian-born holds a Master’s
domestic and international growth across diverse energy
Tasnim has more than 14 years of experience with ADNOC, Financial Officer of Emirates Defence Industries Company degree in Chemical Engineering from the Technical
sectors, including oil, gas, LNG, chemicals, refining,
and held various roles in operations, research and asset PJSC from February 2015 to April 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Al University of Timisoara in Romania and a cum laude
distribution, low carbon solutions, renewables, drilling,
management. Known as an experienced transformation Nuaimi held various senior roles in Finance within the Master’s degree in Business Administration from Twente
logistics, and shipping services.
expert, Tasnim has led multiple initiatives across the Mubadala group. University in the Netherlands – she held management
ADNOC Group, including transforming asset management He has successfully managed major equity market positions at Shell and Phillips, and most recently the
Mr. Al Nuaimi holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in
across the business and developing and establishing transactions, publicly listed several ADNOC companies, management of key global businesses at AkzoNobel – such
Computer Science (with a Business specialisation) and a
ADNOC’s corporate digital functions and strategy. completed M&As, and secured ADNOC’s first green as Powder Coatings and Industrial Coatings.
Master’s degree in Professional Accounting from Seattle
financing. Mr. Al Zaabi led the issuance of ADNOC’s
Previous to her role at ADNOC, Tasnim worked for the University. Thanks to her many years of international experience in the
Murban first corporate bond, establishment of the region’s
Ministry of Presidential Affairs of the UAE, contributing to the chemical business and in leading strategic transformations,
first large-scale In-House Bank, and execution of financial
development of the 2070 Integrated UAE strategy under the Daniela Vlad combines chemical and financial know-how as
restructuring deals. Mr. Al Zaabi serves on the boards of
leadership of His Highness Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed. well as experience in the field of sustainable technical
several domestic and international entities, including OMV,
solutions.
Tasnim studied Chemical Engineering at the American ADNOC Distribution, ADNOC Drilling, ADNOC Gas,
University of Sharjah (UAE), earned an LLM in Sustainable ADNOC Logistics & Services, Borouge and ADNOC
Development Law from Universite Paris Sorbonne, and Refining. He holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from
graduated with an Executive MBA from the University of Deakin University, Australia.
Cambridge.
She has been a member of the Board of Directors of
Borouge Plc since 2023 (listed on the Abu Dhabi Stock
Exchange) as well as several committees of various entities.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 66

=== [AR2024.pdf p68] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Mr. Philippe René M. Roodhooft – Director Mr. Thomas Michael Boesen – Director Former Members of The Board of Directors Female representation on the Board of
Mr. Philippe Roodhooft was appointed as a member of the Mr. Thomas Boesen was appointed as a member of the Mr. Thomas Gangl (Until 30 June 2024) – Directors
Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Board of Directors as of the establishment of the Company. Former Director Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish was appointed to the Board of Directors
Mr. Boesen was appointed Vice President Middle East of on 27 July 2024 as an independent Director. Borouge is
Mr. Roodhooft was appointed Executive Vice President Joint Mr. Thomas Gangl was appointed as Vice-Chairperson of
Borealis AG in May 2018. Prior to this role, Mr. Boesen was therefore in compliance with SCA Corporate Governance
Ventures and Growth Projects of Borealis AG in January the Board as of the establishment of the Company.
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Adviser with responsibility Rules which require one female member of the Board.
2018. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Roodhooft was Chief Mr. Gangl was the Chief Executive Officer of Borealis AG
for strategy in Borouge. Mr. Boesen first joined Borealis in
Operating Officer of ADP. Between 2007 and 2013, 1994 and has since held several roles including Director of from April 2021 until June 2024 and previously served as a Ms. Daniela Vlad was appointed to the Board of Directors on
Mr. Roodhooft held several senior management positions Business Planning and Analysis, Director of Decision member of the supervisory board of Borealis AG. From 2019 6 June 2023.
within Borealis, including as General Manager for the to April 2021, Mr. Gangl was an Executive Board member of
Support, Business Development Manager of Innovation and
Central European production sites, Senior Vice President OMV, responsible for Refining and Petrochemical
Middle East and Asia, Business Project Manager and
Operations for the Borealis group of companies and Senior Operations at OMV. Mr. Gangl began his OMV career in
Business Unit Controller of Engineering Applications.
Vice President Supply Chain and Product Management for 1998 as a process engineer at the Schwechat refinery.
Mr. Boesen was seconded by Borealis to Borouge from
Polyolefins. Mr. Roodhooft is also a member of the Board of
2005 to 2008 and again from 2011 to 2018. Mr. Boesen is In 2011, Mr. Gangl became General Manager of OMV
Directors of Bayport Polymers LLC.
also a member of the Board of Directors of Borouge 4 LLC Deutschland GmbH and Site Manager in Burghausen,
Mr. Roodhooft holds a Master’s degree Cum Laude in and Borouge Pte Ltd. Germany. In 2014, Mr. Gangl was appointed as Site
Applied Science from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Manager in Schwechat and 2016 he took over the role as
Mr. Boesen holds a Master’s degree in Economics and
Belgium, with a specialisation in Production Management Senior Vice President of the Business Unit Refining and
Business Administration from Copenhagen Business
and Electro Mechanical Engineering. Petrochemicals with responsibility for all three OMV
School, Denmark, with a specialisation in Finance,
refineries. Mr. Gangl studied process engineering at the
Accounting and International Business.
Vienna University of Technology in Vienna, Austria, and
mechanical engineering at the University of Salford in
Manchester, England.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 67

=== [AR2024.pdf p69] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Directors’ Board Meetings – The following table sets out the meetings held by our Board of Directors in 2024: A Absent P Present
Board Meeting Board Meeting Board Meeting Board Meeting
Remuneration Attendance (1) of 2024 (2) of 2024 (3) of 2024 (4) of 2024
Dated Dated Dated Dated
Director Position 31 January 2024 29 April 2024 30 July 2024 28 October 2024
(including Board Committee
Records
H.E. Dr. Sultan
members and non-Board Committee
Ahmed Al Jaber Chairman P P P P
members)
Post his Post his
resignation resignation
As per the Company’s regulations, the Our Articles of Association require that the Board of as a Board as a Board
remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors meets a minimum of four times each year. Thomas Gangl* Vice Chairman P P Director Director
Directors should be approved by the Board of
Directors. This is then submitted for the approval of The quorum for meetings is at least two directors Khaled Salmeen Director P P P P
appointed by ADNOC and two directors appointed
the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. Abdulaziz Abdulla
by Borealis. Decisions on Board Reserved Matters
Alhajri Director P P P P
The remuneration for services of the Board of also require the approval of at least two ADNOC
Directors for the financial year ended on directors and two Borealis directors. Khaled Al Zaabi Director P P P P
31 December 2023 amounted to AED 21.66 million.
Board Reserved Matters include the approval of: Omar Abdulla Salem
As at the date of the issuance of this report, the Obaid Al Nuaimi Director P P P P
1. the Borouge Group Strategy, Business Plan
Board of Directors have not yet approved the
remuneration to be paid to the members of the and budget; Tasnim Ahnaish Director P P P P
Board of Directors for their services rendered in 2. annual financial statements; Prior to his Prior to his
2024. It is expected to be approved at the 2025 appointment to appointment to
Annual General Meeting. Therefore, no payments 3. entry by any member of the Borouge Group into the Board as a the Board as a
have been made in this regard so far. joint ventures or partnerships with any third party Stefan Doboczky** Vice Chairman Director Director P P
in respect of any petrochemical project; and
Philippe René M.
4. the creation or dissolution of Board Committees,
Roodhooft Director P P P P
among other items.
Thomas Michael
Boesen Director P P P P
Daniela Vlad Director P P P P
* Mr. Thomas Gangl resigned on 30 June 2024.
** Mr. Stefan Doboczky replaced Thomas Gangl as VC effective 29 July 2024.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 68

=== [AR2024.pdf p70] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Written Resolutions of
The Board Of Directors
In 2024, the Board of the Directors passed eight Written Resolutions. Below is a list of the dates when Matters reserved to the Board of Directors Borouge (“CMO”) or to both of them jointly, as well
these Written Resolutions were issued. and delegated to Management as highlighting those matters which the BOD
wishes to expressly reserve or those matters that
Written resolutions and dates A delegation of authority for Borouge was
are expressly reserved for the Major Shareholders.
approved on 27 April 2024 (“DOA”) to facilitate the
1. Resolution dated 22 January 2024 re Approval of long-term price agreements for supply of FFS The BOD, the CEO or the CMO may elect to
business of Borouge including its subsidiaries (i.e.
Film for Ruwais plant and Khalifa port for two (2) years. delegate certain matters by way of separate
PTE and PTE subsidiaries and ADP), (the “Borouge
authority (including by way of a POA, special
2. Resolution dated 1 March 2024 re Approval of Borouge Container Terminal (BCT) and feeder Group”). The Company is the sole owner of ADP,
delegation, or the approval of committee terms of
container ship services. and the majority shareholder of PTE, and is the
reference). The DOA also contains various BOD
3. Resolution dated 8 July 2024 re Approval of novation of contract for haulage services. holding company for the Borouge Group. The approved financial authority limits. Matters not
Borouge Group conducts its business exclusively
4. Resolution dated 30 August 2024 re Approval of long-term price agreements for the supply of expressly delegated in the DOA remain matters
via ADP and PTE (including their respective
Carbon Black Master Batch (CBMB). reserved for the BOD or the Major Shareholders.
subsidiaries from time to time). By documenting
5. Resolution dated 28 October 2024 re Approval of Borouge USD 500m plc syndicated revolving delegations of authority in sufficient detail, Borouge
credit facility. promotes responsibility, accountability, and
adequate internal control over the authorisation and
6. Resolution dated 27 November 2024 re Global Shipping Services – contract award for one year to
execution of the activities of the Borouge Group.
nineteen suppliers.
The DOA sets out the matters that are delegated by
7. AGM Matters and Board Remuneration, covering the approval of the 2023 standalone financials, the Board of Directors of Borouge (“BOD”) to BOD
board remuneration and re-appointment of the external auditors (28 March 2024). Committees, to the Chief Executive Officer of
Borouge (“CEO”) or the Chief Marketing Officer of
8. Appointment of the Borouge Plc CMO (29 November 2024).
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 69

=== [AR2024.pdf p71] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Inside Information
& Insider Dealing Policy
As part of our commitment to acting with All members of the Board and Board Committees Share dealings
are required to comply with the Group’s information
the highest levels of integrity, and The following table sets out the details of all purchases and sales of our shares undertaken by our
sharing protocol which sets out guidelines on
complying with applicable capital markets Directors, their spouses and their children in 2024:
matters relating to the sharing of material non-
and securities regulations, we take the public information and insider trading. Shares held on
utmost care to prevent insider dealings 31 December Total sale Total purchase
In addition, Borouge also requires all Insiders to be Director Position 2024 transactions transactions
and insider trading. Accordingly, we have
registered with ADX as a Borouge Insider, sign an H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairman – – –
implemented an Inside Information & Insider undertaking form, which sets forth the
Thomas Gangl* Vice Chairman – – –
Insider Dealing Policy. As per this policy, obligations and responsibilities required to comply
all employees in possession of Borouge with the Insider Dealing Policy. Stefan Doboczky** Vice Chairman – – –
inside information are considered Aligned with ADX regulations on prohibition Khaled Salmeen Director 816,326 – –
“Insiders” and their connected parties periods, and any adhoc prohibition periods that Abdulaziz Abdulla Alhajri Director 612,244 – –
must also comply with these rules. may be declared based on our dynamic business
Khaled Al Zaabi Director 816,326 – –
environment, Borouge prohibits Insiders and their
connected parties from trading Borouge’s Omar Al Nuaimi Director – – –
securities during these periods.
Tasnim Ahnaish Director – – –
Daniela Vlad Director – – –
Philippe René M. Roodhooft Director – – –
Thomas Michael Boesen Director – – –
* Mr. Thomas Gangl resigned on 30 June 2024.
** Mr. Stefan Doboczky replaced Thomas Gangl as VC effective 29 July 2024.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 70

=== [AR2024.pdf p72] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Executive Management
Borouge organisation chart
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Rainer Hoefling
Chief Executive Officer Chief Marketing Officer
Board of Directors
Borouge PLC Mr. Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi has served as the Mr. Rainer Hoefling has been the Chief Executive
Chief Executive Officer of Borouge since 2020. Under Officer of PTE since November 2021 and has been
his leadership, Borouge has navigated its listing as an appointed as the Chief Marketing Officer of
IPO and entered a transformational phase of growth Borouge. Mr. Hoefling joined Borealis in 2007 as
to become a global petrochemical champion. He has Director of the Melamine Business Unit.
spearheaded the company’s operational activities,
Mr. Hoefling served as the Chief Executive Officer
Hazeem S. Al Suwaidi* Rainer Hoefling** accelerated growth projects, and significantly
of Borealis’ fertilisers, melamine and technical
contributed to the development of the UAE’s
Chief Executive Officer Chief Marketing Officer nitrogen business from October 2018 to November
petrochemicals industry.
2021 and as a Senior Advisor from August to
From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Al Suwaidi served as the CEO October 2021. Mr. Hoefling previously worked at
of Al Ruwais Fertiliser Industries LLC (Fertil), where he Teufelberger Ges.m.b.H, PCD Polymere Ges.m.b.H
played a pivotal role in expanding the business and c. Mr. Hoefling was appointed as Interim
regionally and internationally, transforming it into a Executive Vice President Polyolefins and Innovation
Jan-Martin Nufer high-performing, market-facing, and people-centered and Technology in April 2018. Mr. Hoefling is also a
Dr. Hasan Karam
Chief Financial company. Prior to his tenure at Fertil, he was the Senior board member of Singapore Chemical Industry
Chief Operation Officer Officer Vice President of Regional Sales MEA at PTE, where Council Limited. Mr. Hoefling holds a Master of
he successfully established a strong market position Science in Plastic Engineering from the University
for Borouge’s products in the MEA region during the of Applied Sciences Würzburg, Germany, and a
high-growth period of Borouge 3 capacity ramp-up. Master of Business Administration from the
University of Toronto, Canada.
Mr. Al Suwaidi is also a board member of the Gulf
Petrochemicals and Chemicals Association (GPCA).
He holds a Bachelor’s degree with honours in
* Mr. Al Suwaidi is also Chief Executive Officer of ADP. Business Administration, majoring in Marketing, from
** Mr. Hoefling is also Chief Executive Officer of PTE. California State University of San Bernardino, United
States of America.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 71

=== [AR2024.pdf p73] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Salaries and Total Other benefits
Appointment allowances bonuses in the near
Director Position date USD USD future
Hazeem Sultan Al Chief Executive
Suwaidi Officer 10 May 2022 692,770 680,735 –
Chief Financial 1 November
Jan-Martin Nufer Officer 2022 543,848 163,376 –
Chief Marketing
Rainer Hoefling Officer 10 May 2022 729,219 207,405 –
JAN-MARTIN NUFER DR. HASAN KARAM
Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer Chief Operating
Dr. Hasan Karam Officer 1 May 2023 653,775 307,148 –
Mr. Jan-Martin Nufer joined Borouge on 1 November Dr. Hasan Karam joined Borouge on 1 May 2023 as
2022 as Chief Financial Officer of Borouge. He has Chief Operating Officer of Borouge.
broad international experience in various finance
An oil and gas industry veteran with 30 years of
roles, senior leading and board positions for more
experience in refinery operations, Dr. Hasan Karam
than 25 years. Mr. Nufer has managed projects
oversees day-to-day administrative and operational
globally and has led finance organisations in a
functions at Borouge.
variety of set-ups. Prior to Borouge, he spent 16
years in petrochemicals (Borealis) and before that in Previously, Dr. Karam held senior positions in various
a number of multinational industries such as capacities at ADNOC Refining, steering the growth
aviation, telecommunication, financial advisory, large and transformation of the company’s performance-
industrial conglomerates and banking. driven culture.
He has been closely involved with Borouge from the In his most recent role as Vice President of Plant
shareholder side since 2007 for Borouge 2, 3 and 4 Operations at Al Ruwais Refinery, Dr. Karam was
and the successful Listing in 2022. Mr. Nufer is a instrumental in developing the site into one of the
founding board member of ACTA, the Austrian largest refinery complexes in the world and
Corporate Treasury Association and EACT contributing to the commercial performance and
(European Corporate Treasury Association) board sustainable growth of its operations.
member. Mr. Nufer is a trained banker and holds a
degree (Diplomkaufmann, eq. Master) from the Dr. Karam holds a Ph.D. in Project Management
University of Mannheim, Germany. from SKEMA Business School, France.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 72

=== [AR2024.pdf p74] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
External Auditors
Borouge entrusted the external audit function for Borouge’s yearly accounts to Ernst and Young Middle
East.
Number of years served as an external auditor for the Company 3 YEARS
Number of years served by the responsible partner in auditing the
Company’s accounts 3 YEARS
Total fees for auditing the financial statements of 2024 (in AED) AED 2,622,370
The details and nature of other services provided (if any), and in INCOME TAX AUDIT:
case there are no other services, this shall be expressly stated AED 82,686
ICFR OPINION: AED 151,307
A statement of the other services performed by an external auditor
other than the Company’s auditor in 2024 (if any), and in case there
is no another auditor, this shall be expressly stated NONE
For our annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, Ernst and Young Middle East
issued an unqualified audit opinion.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 73

=== [AR2024.pdf p75] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee assists the Decisions regarding related party transactions are The members of the Executive Committee The Chairman of the Executive Committee also
generally made by way of a vote of non-conflicted acknowledge their responsibility for the Executive acknowledges his responsibility for the committee’s
Board in discharging its responsibilities,
committee members, although in certain Committee’s systems, review of their work policy, review of its work mechanism and ensuring
including in relation to the Company’s
circumstances all members of the Executive mechanism, and ensuring their effectiveness. its effectiveness.
commercial performance. The Board Committee will be entitled to vote. These matters
has delegated to the Executive include (without limitation) related party transactions
Committee approval of related party entered into in relation to any proposed acquisition The following table sets out the meetings held by the Executive Committee in 2024: A Absent P Present
of the business or assets, any proposed acquisition
transactions. However, certain related
of shares in the capital of Borouge 4 LLC, the 19 12 19 30 18 4 21 12
party transactions will not require such Director Position JAN MAR APR MAY JUL SEP OCT DEC
purchase of polyolefin technology licences, certain
approval (including transactions research and development matters and other Khaled Salmeen Chairman and P A A P A P P P
entered into pursuant to the related course transactions. Member
party agreements already existing on Along with related party transactions, various other Philippe René M. Vice Chairman P P P P P A P P
the date of the Listing). decisions are reserved to the Executive Committee, Roodhooft and Member
including the approval, amendment or termination Khaled Al Zaabi Member P P P P P P P A
of Group policies relating to finance, budget and
business planning, procurement, investment and Thomas Michael Member P P P P P P P P
business continuity. The Executive Committee also Boesen
receives information and reporting relating to the Fatema Al Nuaimi Member A P P P P P P P
business and operations of the Group. All members
of the Executive Committee are required to comply
with the Group’s information sharing protocol which
sets out guidelines on matters relating to the
sharing of non-public confidential information and
insider trading.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 74

=== [AR2024.pdf p76] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration In addition, and subject to the Articles, the The members of the Nomination and Remuneration Nomination and Remuneration Committee also
Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists Committee acknowledge their responsibility for the acknowledges his responsibility for the committee’s
Committee assists the Board in setting
the Board in determining its responsibilities in Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s policy, review of its work mechanism and ensuring
and overseeing the nomination and
relation to remuneration, including making systems, review of their work mechanism, and its effectiveness.
remuneration policies in respect of the recommendations to the Board on the Company’s ensuring their effectiveness. The Chairman of the
Board, any committees of the Board and policy on executive remuneration and decisions on
senior management. In such capacity, it certain of the Group’s human capital policies, The following table sets out the meetings held by the NRC in 2024: A Absent P Present
setting the overarching principles, parameters and
is responsible for evaluating certain
governance framework of our remuneration policy Director Position 19 FEB 29 NOV
matters relating to Borouge’s executive
and overseeing remuneration and benefits Khaled Salmeen Chairman P P
management, evaluating the balance of packages.
skills, knowledge and experience of the Philippe René M. Roodhooft Deputy Chair P P
The Board has delegated to the Nomination and
Board and committees of the Board and,
Remuneration Committee decisions in relation to Ayesh Al Hammdi Member P P
in particular, monitoring the independent the appointment, removal and replacement of
status of the independent Directors. personnel reporting directly to the Company’s Chief Thomas Michael Boesen Member P P
Executive Officer, senior vice presidents of the
Group and management personnel reporting
directly to the Group’s senior vice-presidents.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Terms of Reference require that the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee must comprise four
members. At least three of the members of the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee will need
to be Non-Executive Directors (of whom at least
two will need to be independent), in each case
within the meaning of those terms in the
Governance Rules.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 75

=== [AR2024.pdf p77] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists the Board in The Audit Committee Terms of Reference requires The Chairman of the Audit Committee also
that the Audit Committee must comprise six acknowledges his responsibility for the committee’s
discharging its responsibilities related to
members. At least three members of the Audit policy, review of its work mechanism and ensuring
financial reporting, external and internal
Committee must be Non-Executive Directors (of its effectiveness.
audits, and controls. This includes whom at least two must be independent). In
reviewing and monitoring the integrity of addition, at least one member is required to have The following table sets out the meetings held by the AC in 2024: A Absent P Present
our financial statements, the extent of practical audit, finance or accounting experience.
The Audit Committee is chaired by one of the AC#3/2024 AC#4/2024
non-audit work undertaken by external AC #1/2024 AC #2/2024 Dated Dated
independent members and includes other
auditors, advising on the appointment of Dated 22 April Dated 22 July 21 October 23 January
members elected by the Board as needed. The Director Position 2024 2024 2024 2025
external auditors, overseeing the members of the Audit Committee are appointed in
relationship with our external auditors, accordance with the relevant terms of reference. Khaled Al Zaabi Chairman P P P P
and reviewing the effectiveness of both The Audit Committee meets not less than four Tasnim Ahnaish Member P P P P
times per year. All members of the Audit Committee
the external audit process and our
are required to comply with the Group’s information Ahmed Abujarad Member P P P A
internal control review function. The
sharing protocol which sets out guidelines on
ultimate responsibility for reviewing and matters relating to the sharing of material non- Daniel Turnheim Vice Chairman P P P P
and Member
approving the annual report and public information and insider trading.
accounts remains with the Board. The Thomas Boesen Member P P P P
The Audit Committee takes appropriate steps to
Audit Committee gives due consideration ensure that the Company’s external auditors are Sandra Mueller Member P P P P
to the applicable laws and regulations of independent of the Company as required by
the UAE, the ADGM, the SCA and the applicable law.
ADX. The members of the Audit Committee acknowledge
their responsibility for the Audit Committee’s
systems, review of their work mechanism, and
ensuring their effectiveness.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 76

=== [AR2024.pdf p78] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
0 General Information
Dividend policy
Borouge’s ability to pay dividends is dependent on a number of factors, including the availability of
No violations were
distributable reserves, the Company’s capital expenditure plans, credit rating considerations and other
committed by Borouge
cash requirements in future periods, and there is no assurance that the Company will pay dividends or, if
in 2024
a dividend is paid, what the amount of such dividend will be. Any level or payment of dividends will
The above statement does not imply
that our systems and procedures depend on market conditions among other factors.
provide absolute assurance as to
the realisation of our business Company’s Share Performance During 2024
objectives, or that they can prevent
all misstatements, inaccuracies, Trading of Borouge shares on the ADX started on 3 June 2022 under the symbol BOROUGE. The share
errors, fraud and any price on 31 December 2024 was AED 2.47. Borouge’s market capitalisation on 31 December 2024 was
non-compliance.
AED 74 billion. The following table sets out the closing price and the high and low share prices of our
shares at the end of each month during 2024.
HIGH (AED) LOW (AED) CLOSE (AED)
January 2.74 2.59 2.60
February 2.72 2.53 2.55
March 2.64 2.52 2.57
April 2.69 2.56 2.64
May 2.71 2.59 2.59
June 2.64 2.55 2.64
July 2.78 2.61 2.73
August 2.80 2.71 2.73
September 2.77 2.63 2.64
October 2.61 2.49 2.51
November 2.59 2.48 2.52
December 2.51 2.41 2.47
Source: Bloomberg
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 77

=== [AR2024.pdf p79] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Breakdown of Shareholdings as at 31 December 2024
Percentage of shares held
Shareholder category Individual Companies Government Total
Local 2.83% 58.91% 0.55% 62.30%
GCC 0.06% 0.66% – 0.72%
Arab 0.09% – – 0.09%
Foreign 0.15% 36.75% – 36.89%
Total 3.13% 96.32% 0.56% 100%
Source: ADX
Shareholders who held 5% or more of Borouge’s capital as at 31 December 2024
% of the shares held of the
Name Number of shares held Company’s capital
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company 16,231,153,455 54%
Borealis Middle East Holding GmbH 10,820,768,970 36%
Source: ADX
Comparative Performance of Borouge’s Share Price with the General Market
Index and Sector Index During 2024
3.000
Shareholders who held 5% or more of Borouge’s capital as at 31 December 2024
2.875
Number of Number of % of the shares
2.750 Share(s) owned shareholders shares held held of the capital
2.625 Less than 50,000 22,295 100,556,861 0.33%
2.500
From 50,000 to less than 500,000 1,472 214,264,923 0.71%
2.375
From 500,000 to less than 5,000,000 405 591,721,646 1.97%
2.250
2.125 More than 5,000,000 73 29,151,148,153 96.98%
2.000
Jan 24 Feb 24 Mar 24 Apr 24 May 24Jun 24 Jul 24 Aug 24Sep 24 Oct 24 Nov 24 Dec 24 Jan 25 Feb 25 Source: ADX
Borouge ADX (Rebased)
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 78

=== [AR2024.pdf p80] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Procedures taken with respect to the controls of 5. Approved distribution of USD 650,000,000 (equivalent to
Investor Relations AED 2,387,125,000 amounting to approximately 7.94 fils
Throughout the year, Borouge’s Investor Relations per share) for the second half of the financial year ended
Department publishes earnings releases and arranges on 31 December 2023, to bring the total cash dividend for
briefings, conference calls and webcasts to raise investors’ the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to
awareness globally about the Company’s attractive value AED 4,774,250,000 (equivalent to 15.88 fils per share).
proposition among listed companies and provides updates 6. Discharge the members of the Board of Directors from
on Borouge’s strategy and performance. Each quarter, liability for the financial year ended on 31 December
Borouge holds earnings conference calls and webcasts to 2023.
communicate its quarterly and annual results to analysts,
shareholders, and investors to discuss its financials and 7. Discharge the auditors from liability for the financial year
outlook. Copies of all presentations, releases and investor ended on 31 December 2023.
information are available on the Investor Relations website. A
8. Approve the remuneration for services of the Board of
proactive Investor Relations strategy is key to sustaining
Directors in the amount of AED 21.66 million for the
investor trust and maximising shareholder value, particularly
financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
during volatile market conditions and global uncertainty.
9. Approve the Board of Directors’ recommendation to
Investor relations contact information
appoint Ernst & Young Middle East as the Company’s
Investor Relations Officer: Samar Khan external auditor for the financial year 2024 and determine
Contact: ir@borouge.com their remuneration at USD 714,056 plus any applicable
VAT.
https://www.borouge.com/en/investor-relations/Pages/home.aspx
Borouge PLC – General Assembly Meeting held on
General Assembly and special resolutions presented to
30 August 2024
the General Assembly (including material events)
Borouge PLC – Annual General Assembly Meeting held on • Approved the recommendation of the Board of Directors
28 March 2024 concerning a cash interim dividend distribution of USD
650,000,000 (equivalent to AED 2,387,125,000
1. Approved the Board of Directors’ report on the amounting to approximately 7.9 fils per share) for the first
Company’s activities and its financial position for the half of the financial year 2024.
financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
The Secretary to the Board of Directors
2. Approved the external auditor’s report for the financial
The position of the Board Secretary is held by Mr. Ahmad
year ended on 31 December 2023.
Ma’abreh from A&O Sherman, a multinational law firm
3. Approved the Company’s standalone audited financial headquartered in London. Mr. Ma’abreh is a partner in the
statements for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023. corporate team of A&O Sherman’s Abu Dhabi office.
Mr. Ma’abreh was appointed effective 1 February 2023.
4. Approved the Company’s consolidated audited financial
statements for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 79

=== [AR2024.pdf p81] ===
Corporate Governance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Emiratisation percentage in Borouge
53.2%
Emiratisation rate as at 31 December 2024
Cash and in-kind contributions
toward the local community
development and environmental
conservation
During 2024, Borouge has paid for the
following contributions: Community
investment/contribution toward local
community – AED 537,000 and
USD 14.15 million in relation to
environmental conservation.*
* These amounts are not given in physical, hard currency,
but are payable via wire transfer, cheque, etc.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 80

=== [AR2024.pdf p82] ===
Ethics & Compliance Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Ethics & Compliance Programme
Integrity is at the heart of what we do and is the
foundation of our business.
Borouge Code of Conduct
At Borouge our commitment to ethical practices
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy Conflicts of Interest Policy Data Privacy & Protection Policy
and integrity is fundamental to our mission and Code of Conduct
Ensuring we comply with all Ensuring we conduct business in Maintaining employee and third operations. We believe that our success depends
Please click here to download a copy of our
applicable anti-bribery and a conflict-free manner. parties’ trust in how we manage on maintaining the trust of our stakeholders,
Code of Conduct.
corruption laws and regulations in and process personal data as including shareholders, employees, customers
each jurisdiction in which we well as ensuring compliance and communities.
operate. with data protection laws in
each of the countries in which The Ethics & Compliance Programme at Borouge
we operate. is aligned with international best practice and
works to not only monitor and test the programmes,
Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Inside Information Management &
but to educate and train employees to strengthen
Sanctions & Export Controls Policy Terrorist Financing Policy Insider Dealing Policy
our compliance culture and ethical foundations.
Ensuring we comply with all Ensuring we go to the farthest Ensuring we comply with
applicable and evolving sanctions extent to combat money applicable capital markets Borouge Code of Conduct & Ethics
and export controls regulations in laundering and terrorist financing. and securities regulations & Compliance Policies
all jurisdictions in which we related to Inside Information
Our Code of Conduct serves as a cornerstone of
operate. and Insider Dealing.
our ethical framework, ensures that every
employee, contractor, and board member adheres
to the highest standards of professional behaviour.
It reflects our commitment to uphold the highest
standards of ethical business practices and is
aligned with our core values. The Code forms the
anchor for all compliance policies, which together
establish the expected standards of ethical
behaviour in everything we do.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 81

=== [AR2024.pdf p83] ===
Ethics & Compliance continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Borouge Third-Party Code of Conduct
Our Third-Party Code of Conduct serves a similar Third-Party Code of Conduct Borouge Code of Conduct/Core Values
purpose for those external to Borouge. The Please click here to download our
Borouge Third-Party Code of Conduct establishes Third-Party Code of Conduct.
the minimum standards for ethical business
practices that we expect from any third party
w
n
a
e
n
o
c
r
e
k
e
t
i
h
s
n
s
i
g
c
a
a
w
r
l
y
i
a
t
t
h
n
o
d
B
c
o
c
o
r
o
n
o
d
m
u
u
g
p
c
e
li
t
a
.
B
n
T
o
t
h
r
m
e
o
s
a
u
e
n
g
n
b
e
e
a
-r
r
s
e
i
a
l
c
a
n
t
s
d
e
t
d
a
in
n
b
d
u
a
s
r
i
d
n
s
e s
a
s
r e
in
M O
NIT O
RIN G
D is e s te u c e t s in & g
asse R s i s s m k ent
Governance,
G O
VE R N
A N C
accordance with our values. corrective oversight E
actions & culture
All third parties engaged by Borouge receive a
copy of the Third Party Code of Conduct and are
required to confirm their commitment to its Disciplinary
Written
principles and comply with relevant labour laws guidelines and standards
and regulations. actions Borouge
Code of Conduct/
Core Values
Compliance Framework
Our Compliance framework is a set of structured
guidelines, controls and procedures that ensure we Reporting &
whistleblowing Communications
meet mandated regulations, standards and internal mechanism
policies. It provides a systematic approach to
managing compliance risks and ensuring that the Monitoring Training &
organisation operates ethically and legally. & continuous awareness
improvement
IMPLEMENTATION
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 82

=== [AR2024.pdf p84] ===
Transactions with Related Parties Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Transactions with Related Parties
ADP and PTE are and have been a A list of these existing agreements and other The value of all transactions with Related Parties undertaken by the Borouge Group (as disclosed in our
arrangements with Related Parties can be found on 2024 financial statements) is as follows:
party to various agreements and other
the International Offering Memorandum (“IOM”)
arrangements with related parties As per 2024 Financial Statements USD ’000
published on 23 May 2022, (see the section
comprising ADNOC and certain of its entitled “Business – Material Agreements”). Since Revenue – ADNOC Group* 47,133
other subsidiaries and Borealis and the publication of the IOM, the following
Revenue – Borealis AG* 462,629
certain of its other subsidiaries transactions with related parties have taken place
in the ordinary course of business and in Purchase – ADNOC Group* 1,685,328
(collectively, the “Related Parties”).
accordance with the approval process under the Purchase – Borealis AG* 529,207
articles of association:
Sales and Distribution Cost – ADNOC Group* 185,725
1. P urchase of base resin by ADP from Borealis to
Administrative costs including interest expenses – Group* 98,162
support XLPE production.
Sub-lease to Related Party** 141,530
2. P urchase of black carbon by ADP from ADNOC
Lease liability to Related Party** 167,124
Refining.
3. S ublease between PTE and ADNOC Global * Please refer to note 11(b) in the 2024 Financial Statements.
Trading Asia Pte Limited in relation to part of the ** Please refer to note 7(b)(c) in the 2024 Financial Statements.
area under a Lease Agreement between SG
OGS Pte Limited, as Lessor and PTE, as Lessee.
The sublease is effective on 17 October 2022, None of the transaction values exceed the (i) the Feedstock Supply Agreement signed with
valid until 31 October 2024. equivalent contractual amount equating to 5% of ADNOC; and (ii) the Catalyst Supply Agreement
Borouge’s share capital value. signed with Borealis, both of them entered into prior
4. R enewal of the Transportation, Handling and
to the Listing. More details on these contracts can
Storage Agreement (Carbon Black and Out of all existing contracts with Related Parties,
be found in the IOM (see the section entitled
Petroleum Fines) between ADP and ADNOC two of them had a total amount of transactions
“Business – Material Agreements”).
Refining effective as of 7 January 2022 (date exceeding 5% of Borouge’s share capital
when the original agreement expired). The (considering the total amount of transactions
renewed agreement is valid for a period of three undertaken under each of them as of the Listing):
years (January 2025).
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 83

=== [AR2024.pdf p85] ===
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
Financial
Statements
Inside this Section
Board of Directors’ Report 85
Independent Auditor’s Report 86
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 89
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income 90
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 91
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 92
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 93
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 84

=== [AR2024.pdf p86] ===
Board of Directors Report Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024
The Directors present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Borouge Release
PLC (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Directors release from liability the management and external auditor in connection with their duties for
the year ended 31 December 2024.
Principal activities
The purpose of the Company is to serve as a holding company for Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd Directors’ statement to the disclosure to auditors
(Borouge)- Sole Proprietorship L.L.C. (“ADP”) and Borouge Pte Ltd. which are engaged in the principal In so far as the Directors are aware, there is no relevant information of which the Group’s auditors are
activities of production of ethylene, propylene, polyethylene, polypropylene and trading of polyolefins, unaware.
respectively.
Financial results
The Group’s auditors have been provided with access to all information of which we are aware that is
The financial results of the Group represent a profit for the year of USD 1,238.95 million (2023: USD
relevant to the preparation of consolidated financial statements.
1,000.67 million) as presented in these audited consolidated financial statements.
Auditors
A resolution to reappoint Ernst and Young as auditors for the ensuing year will be put to the shareholders
Mr. H.E. Dr. Sultan Al-Jaber Chairman
at Annual General Meetings.
Mr. Stefan Doboczky (appointed) Vice Chairman
Mr. Thomas Gangl (resigned) Vice Chairman For the Board of Directors
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Director/Board Member
Mr. Abdulaziz Al Hajri Director/Board Member
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Director/Board Member
Mr. Omar Al Nuaimi Director/Board Member
Chairman
Ms. Tasnim Ahnaish Director/Board Member
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Mr. Phillippe Roodhooft Director/Board Member
Mr. Thomas Boesen Director/Board Member
Ms. Daniela Vlad Director/Board Member
During the year ended 31 December 2024, Mr. Thomas Gangl resigned from his position as Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors and was replaced by Mr. Stefan Doboczky.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 85

=== [AR2024.pdf p87] ===
Independent Auditor’s Report Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
To the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Property, plant and equipment
Opinion As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to USD 6.3 billion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Borouge PLC (“Borouge” or the “Company”) representing 72% of the Group’s total assets as of that date. This balance includes Capital Work-in-
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at Progress (CWIP) amounting to USD 255 million representing 359 capital projects in progress. During the
31 December 2024 and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, year, capital work in progress amounting to USD 88.7 million was completed and transferred to the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended respective categories of property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the Group’s
31 December 2024, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting depreciation policy.
policy information. Considering the magnitude of the amount and the risk surrounding the capitalization, depreciation and
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, impairment of property, plant and equipment in terms of assessing the eligibility of costs capitalised
the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and its financial performance and its cash during the year, the timing of capitalization and the related depreciation / impairment charge in line with
flows for the year ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). IFRS requirements; this has been identified as a key audit matter to be reported in our audit report.
The audit procedures performed to address this key audit matter include the following:
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our 1) We reviewed the Group’s policies and procedures for capitalization of project costs and assessed their
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of compliance with the requirements of IFRS;
the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
2) We tested the relevant controls over capitalization of project costs;
accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) (the “IESBA Code”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 3) We performed substantive audit procedures over a sample of project costs capitalised to check
our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the United Arab Emirates, and we have fulfilled our adherence to the Group’s policies and procedures, and compliance with the requirements of IFRS.
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that This included management’s processes and controls around identification of project costs eligible for
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. capitalization, staff cost capitalization etc.;
Key audit matters 4) We reviewed management’s assessment for the existence of impairment indicators in respect of
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our property, plant and equipment including capital work in progress;
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
5) We held discussions with project managers for significant projects and inquired about their status to
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
determine whether indicators of impairment existed as of 31 December 2024; and
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
6) For a sample of projects, we checked the date of project capitalization against supporting documents
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
such as completion certificates received from contractors to verify that depreciation has been charged
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,
from the capitalization date.
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures,
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 86

=== [AR2024.pdf p88] ===
Independent Auditor’s Report continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
To the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
Other information As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
Other information consists of the information included in the Board of Directors’ report and the annual skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
Board of Directors’ report prior to the date of our audit report and we expect to obtain the annual report due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
after the date of our auditor’s report. Management is responsible for the other information. evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this estimates and related disclosures made by management.
regard.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
Responsibilities of management and the Board of Directors for the consolidated financial based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
statements conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
statements in accordance with IFRSs and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Company’s the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
Articles of Association and the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi Global Market, and for such to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. going concern.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
responsible for our audit opinion.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement internal control that we identify during our audit.
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 87

=== [AR2024.pdf p89] ===
Independent Auditor’s Report continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
To the Shareholders of Borouge PLC
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, action taken
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
Further, as required by the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM, we report that, in our opinion:
i) The consolidated financial statements include, in all material respects, the applicable requirements of
the Companies Regulations 2020 of ADGM; and
ii) the financial information included in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the books of
account and records of the Group.
Further, as required by the Abu Dhabi Accountability Authority Chairman Resolution No. 88 of 2021
pertaining to Auditing the Financial Statements of Subject Entities, we report that based on the information
provided to us, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Company has not
complied, in all material respects, with the law of establishment of the Company and relevant provisions of
the applicable laws, resolutions and circulars organising the Company’s operations, which would
materially affect its activities or the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 31 December
2024.
For and on behalf of Ernst & Young - Middle East (ADGM Branch)
Ahmad Al Dali
3 February 2025
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 88

=== [AR2024.pdf p90] ===
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
As at 31 December 2024
2024 2023 2024 2023
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
Assets Total equity 4,482,063 4,545,836
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 5 6,292,502 6,677,355
Non-current liabilities
Intangible assets 6 60,643 60,126 Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 15 97,585 93,018
Right-of-use assets 7(a) 24,797 27,304 Lease liabilities 7(c) 158,082 162,286
Investment in sublease 7(b)&11(d) 135,789 138,408 Deferred tax liability 12(c) 85,136 54,507
Loans to employees 20,509 22,769 Bank loans 16 2,944,100 3,140,725
Deferred tax assets 12(c) 2,397 3,450 Derivative financial instruments 29 5,993 12,608
Total non-current assets 6,536,637 6,929,412 Amounts due to related parties 11(c) – 34,389
Total non-current liabilities 3,290,896 3,497,533
Current assets
Inventories 8 640,505 645,184
Current liabilities
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 209,937 181,549 Trade and other payables 17 356,660 308,333
Trade receivables 9(a) 858,768 796,682 Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 520,260 532,645
Loans to employees 13,454 12,570 Lease liabilities 7(c) 9,042 8,327
Investments in sublease 7(b)&11(d) 5,741 4,233 Provisions for employees end of service benefits 15 1,235 1,351
Prepayments and other receivables 9(b) 23,917 20,345 Income tax payable 47,309 49,871
Cash and cash equivalents 10 418,506 353,921
Total current assets 2,170,828 2,014,484 Total current liabilities 934,506 900,527
Total Assets 8,707,465 8,943,896 Total liabilities 4,225,402 4,398,060
Total equity and liabilities 8,707,465 8,943,896
Equity and liabilities
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
Equity
Share capital 13 4,809,231 4,809,231
Merger reserve 14 (4,446,467) (4,446,467)
Restricted reserve 14 186,770 186,486
Capital reserve 14 12,490 12,490
Cash flow hedge reserve 14 (5,993) (12,608)
Actuarial reserve 14 18,320 17,993
Translation reserve 14 (7,741) (5,474)
Retained earnings 3,896,116 3,970,831
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi Jan-Martin Nufer
Equity attributable to the owners of the Company 4,462,726 4,532,482
Chairman Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Non-controlling interests 19,337 13,354
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 89

=== [AR2024.pdf p91] ===
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024
2024 2023 2024 2023
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
Revenue 18 6,026,123 5,791,345 Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Cost of sales 19 (3,490,989) (3,627,383) Owners of the Company 1,229,948 984,172
Gross profit 2,535,134 2,163,962 Non-controlling interests 13,303 9,306
Other income 21 53,951 17,350 Earnings per share: 1,243,251 993,478
General and administrative expenses 22 (193,121) (182,915) Basic and Diluted (USD) 28 0.04 0.03
Selling and distribution expenses 23 (471,963) (399,495)
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
intangible assets 5 & 6 (3,082) (1,731)
Operating profit 1,920,919 1,597,171
Finance income 28,554 26,815
Finance costs (202,025) (220,909)
Foreign exchange loss (2,139) (2,074)
Net finance loss (175,610) (196,168)
Profit for the year before tax 1,745,309 1,401,003
Income tax expense 12(a) (506,361) (400,333)
Profit for the year 1,238,948 1,000,670
Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company 1,225,273 991,125
Non-controlling interests 13,675 9,545
1,238,948 1,000,670
Other comprehensive income for the year
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent periods
Defined benefit plan remeasurements 15 363 7,177
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation (2,675) (1,761)
Fair value gain (loss) on derivatives used in effective cash
flow hedge relationship 29 6,615 (12,608)
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year 4,303 (7,192)
Total comprehensive income for the year 1,243,251 993,478
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 90

=== [AR2024.pdf p92] ===
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Equity
attributable to Non-
Restricted Actuarial Cash flow Translation Retained Owners of the controlling
Share capital Merger reserve reserve Capital reserve reserve hedge reserve reserve earnings Company interests Total equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,322 12,490 10,846 – (3,982) 4,279,574 4,848,014 21,586 4,869,600
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 991,125 991,125 9,545 1,000,670
Other comprehensive income for the year – – – – 7,147 (12,608) (1,492) – (6,953) (239) (7,192)
Total comprehensive income for the year – – – – 7,147 (12,608) (1,492) 991,125 984,172 9,306 993,478
Movement during the year – – 164 – – – – (164) – – –
Dividend declared (note 14) – – – – – – – (1,299,704) (1,299,704) (17,538) (1,317,242)
Balance at 31 December 2023 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,486 12,490 17,993 (12,608) (5,474) 3,970,831 4,532,482 13,354 4,545,836
Balance at 1 January 2024 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,486 12,490 17,993 (12,608) (5,474) 3,970,831 4,532,482 13,354 4,545,836
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 1,225,273 1,225,273 13,675 1,238,948
Other comprehensive income for the year – – – – 327 6,615 (2,267) – 4,675 (372) 4,303
Total comprehensive income for the year – – – – 327 6,615 (2,267) 1,225,273 1,229,948 13,303 1,243,251
Movement during the year – – 284 – – – – (284) – – –
Dividend declared (note 14) – – – – – – – (1,299,704) (1,299,704) (7,320) (1,307,024)
Balance at 31 December 2024 4,809,231 (4,446,467) 186,770 12,490 18,320 (5,993) (7,741) 3,896,116 4,462,726 19,337 4,482,063
The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 91

=== [AR2024.pdf p93] ===
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024
2024 2023 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Operating activities Net cash generated from operating activities 1,913,152 1,768,720
Profit for the year before tax 1,745,309 1,401,003
Investing activities
Adjustments for:
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment 5 (160,124) (191,504)
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 5 524,116 539,612
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment – 4
Impairment of property, plant and equipment 5 3,082 748
Payments for purchase of intangible assets 6 (7,259) (7,276)
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 7(a) 4,786 4,376
Interest income received 23,170 21,898
Amortisation of intangible assets 6 23,748 28,181
Impairment of intangible assets 6 – 983 Net cash used in investing activities (144,213) (176,878)
Provision (reversal of) provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory 8 7,220 8,542 Financing activities
(Reversal of)/ provision for expected credit losses on trade receivable 9 (3,195) 2,095 Repayment of lease liabilities 7(c) (8,904) (5,369)
Provision for expected credit losses on Repayments of borrowings 16 (200,000) (850,000)
prepayments and other receivable 9 169 84 Payment of dividends 14 (1,307,024) (1,317,242)
Loss on modification of lease liability 650 – Proceeds from lease receivable, net 7(b) 6,349 109
Loss on disposal of plant, property and equipment – 115 Payment of interest on bank loan (191,839) (208,221)
End of service benefits charge 15 13,155 12,747
Net cash used in financing activities (1,701,418) (2,380,723)
Provision for other retirement benefit – 2,474
Unrealised foreign exchange loss 396 788 Changes in translation reserve (2,936) (1,038)
Finance costs 202,025 220,909 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 64,585 (789,919)
Finance income (28,554) (26,815) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 353,921 1,143,840
Net cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 2,492,907 2,195,842 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 10 418,506 353,921
Changes in working capital:
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables (60,051) 90,952 The attached notes 1 to 31 form part of the consolidated financial statements.
Decrease/(Increase) in amounts due from related parties (29,826) 11,282
Decrease in inventories (2,787) 545
Decrease in prepayments and other receivables (2,246) 25,290
(Decrease)/Increase in amounts due to related parties (45,347) (114,092)
Decrease in trade and other payables 6,566 (21,656)
(Decrease)/Increase in accruals 38,240 (27,796)
Increase/ (Decrease) in contract liabilities 1,212 (13,638)
Cash generated from operating activities 2,398,668 2,146,729
End of service benefits paid 15 (8,004) (5,130)
Tax paid (477,512) (372,879)
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 92

=== [AR2024.pdf p94] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
1 Legal Status and Principal Activities b) BMEH transferred to the Company:
Borouge PLC (the “Company”) was incorporated on 28 April 2022 as a public company limited by shares, i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 40% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share
with registration number 000007602, pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market Companies Regulations capital; and
2020. The Company has been established for the purpose of serving as a holding company for Abu
Dhabi Polymers Co. Ltd (Borouge)-Sole Proprietorship LLC and Borouge Pte. Ltd. ii. 34.746% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
The Company is jointly controlled by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) and Borealis Middle In consideration of the transfer by ADNOC of its entire shares in ADP and PTE and the transfer by BMEH
East Holding GmbH (“BMEH”, together with ADNOC, the “Shareholders”). of its entire shares in ADP and 34.746% interest in PTE, in each case to the Company, the Company:
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders dated 10 May 2022, the shareholders approved listing the a) issued and allotted 18,034,427,450 new shares to ADNOC, that resulted in ADNOC holding,
Company’s shares on Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange whereby 10% of its shares were offered in an Initial immediately prior to listing, 60% of the Company’s total issued and outstanding share capital; and
Public Offering (“IPO”). As of the reporting date, ADNOC held 54% and BMEH held 36% of the issued
b) issued and allotted 12,022,951,633 new shares to BMEH, that resulted in BMEH holding, immediately
share capital of the Group while the remaining 10% is held by the general public.
prior to listing, 40% of the Company’s total issued and outstanding share capital.
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:
Based on the satisfaction of the condition precedent by the parties pursuant to the Subscription and
Transfer Agreement, the effective date of completion of the above transaction was 31 May 2022. Post
Name of subsidiary Ownership interest Country of incorporation Principal activities completion of the Reorganisation, the Company acquired control over ADP and PTE (together referred to
as “Borouge Business”).
Abu Dhabi Polymers Co. Production of ethylene,
Ltd (Borouge)– Sole propylene, polyethylene 2 Basis of Preparation
Proprietorship L.L.C (“ADP”) 100% U.A.E. and polypropylene
2.1 Statement of Compliance
Borouge Pte Ltd and its
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
subsidiaries (“PTE”) 84.746% Singapore Trading of polyolefins
Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the
applicable provisions of the Companies Regulations 2020 of Abu Dhabi Global Market.
The Company together with its subsidiaries is referred to as the “Group”.
2.2 Basis of Measurement
In accordance with the subscription and transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022 (the “Subscription and
Transfer Agreement”) entered into between the Company and the Shareholders, ADNOC and BMEH These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
agreed to transfer their respective interests in ADP and approximately 84.746% interest in PTE to the derivative financial instruments which are carried at fair value. Historical cost is generally based on the fair
Company in exchange for an issuance of shares by the Company. This transfer was in contemplation of value of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services.
an IPO of the Company. Upon the successful listing of the shares of the Company on 3 June 2022, the
Fair value is the price that would be received on sale of an asset or paid on transfer of a liability in an
Company became the holder of the entire issued share capital of ADP and 84.746% of the issued share
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that
capital of PTE (the “Reorganisation”). Accordingly, immediately upon the transfer and prior to the listing:
price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
a) ADNOC transferred to the Company:
The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer
i. its full legal and beneficial interests in ADP, being 60% of ADP’s total issued and outstanding share the liability takes place either:
capital; and
ii. its full legal and beneficial interests in PTE, being 50% of PTE’s total issued and outstanding share
capital.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 93

=== [AR2024.pdf p95] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
2 Basis of Preparation continued including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The
2.2 Basis of Measurement continued Group based its judgements, assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the consolidated
financial statements were prepared. However, the resulting accounting estimates may differ from actual
• In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
results. The estimates and assumptions pose a risk of causing adjustment to the carrying amounts of
• In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
affected.
use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
interest. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgements in
applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in these
In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics
consolidated financial statements, is included in note 4.
of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in 2.5 New and Amended Standards that are Effective for the Current Year
these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis. In the current year, the Group has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an
For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the
accounting period that begins on or after 1 January 2024. Their adoption has not had any material impact
degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
on the disclosures or on the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements.
inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which is described as follows:
• Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants -
• Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
Amendments to IAS 1
entity can access at the measurement date;
• Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to IFRS 16
• Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and • Disclosures: Supplier Finance Arrangements -Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
• Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are derived from valuation The details of new and amended standards that are relevant to the group are detailed as below.
techniques.
International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.
The amendments to IAS 12 have been introduced in response to the OECD’s BEPS Pillar Two rules and
2.3 Functional and Presentation Currency include:
These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollar (“USD”), which is the Group’ • A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
functional currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated. jurisdictional implementation of the Pillar Two model rules; and
2.4 Use of Judgements and Estimates • Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to an entity’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes arising from that legislation, particularly before its
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the effective date.
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The judgements, estimates and associated
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant,
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 94

=== [AR2024.pdf p96] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
2 Basis of Preparation continued 2.6 Climate Related Matters
2.5 New and Amended Standards that are Effective for the Current Year continued The Group considers climate-related matters in estimates and assumptions, where appropriate. This
International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12 continued assessment includes a wide range of possible impacts on the Group due to both physical and transition
risks. Even though the Group believes its business model and products will still be viable after the
The mandatory temporary exception – the use of which is required to be disclosed – applied staring the
transition to a low-carbon economy, climate-related matters increase the uncertainty in estimates and
year ended December 2023. The remaining disclosure requirements apply for annual reporting periods
assumptions underpinning several items in the consolidated financial statements. Even though climate-
beginning on or after 1 January 2023, but not for any interim periods ending on or before 31 December
related risks might not currently have a significant impact on measurement, the Group is closely
2024.
monitoring relevant changes and developments, such as new climate-related legislation.
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions the Group
The Group’s Borouge 2030 (B2030) Strategy aims to proactively steer the business ambitions in response
operates. The legislation became effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024. The
to the changing business environment. The B2030 Strategy works to ensure the continued growth of the
Group is in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation and has performed an assessment
Group through the pursuit of excellence and create a Borouge identity.
of the Group’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The assessment of the potential exposure to
Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting and financial 2.7 New and Amended Standards Issued but not yet Effective
statements for the constituent entities in the Group. Based on the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax The new and amended standards and interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date
rates in most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are above 15%. However, there are a limited of issuance of the Group’s consolidated financial statements are disclosed below. The Group intends to
jurisdictions where the legislation has not been enacted or substantively enacted. The Group is in the adopt these new and amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective.
process of assessing its exposure to the Pillar Two legislation and does not expect a material exposure to
Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions. • Amendments to IAS 21: Lack of exchangeability;
IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax • Issuance of IFRS 18 (replacing IAS 1): Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements; and
assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar
• Issuance of IFRS 19: Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures
Two Model Rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operating and Development (the “Pillar
Two legislation”). It is unclear if the Pillar Two Model Rules create additional temporary differences with The Group does not expect that the adoption of these new and amended standards and interpretations
regards to deferred tax remeasurement and the Group has applied the temporary exception as at will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
31 December 2024.
3 Material Accounting Policy Information
Corporate tax Basis of consolidation
On 9 December 2022, the UAE Ministry of Finance released Federal Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 on the The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and entities
Taxation of Corporations and Businesses (Corporate Tax Law or the Law) to enact a Federal corporate tax controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights,
(CT) regime in the UAE. The CT regime is effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through
2024. its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:
As per IAS 12 (Income taxes), any change in tax laws should be recognised in the financial statements in • Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities
the period in which the enactment occurs (i.e., FY24) and therefore the tax implications (current and/or of the investee)
deferred) were assessed and recorded accordingly (Note 12).
• Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
• The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 95

=== [AR2024.pdf p97] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary without a loss of control, is accounted for as equity
Basis of consolidation continued transaction. The carrying amount of the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to
reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Group has
which the non-controlling interest are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is
less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the
recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.
voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee
unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal recognised in profit or loss is
Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and
the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including
• the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
goodwill), less liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. All amounts previously
other vote holders;
recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group
• potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties; had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or
transferred to another category of equity as required/permitted by applicable IFRS). The fair value of any
• rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value
• any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 when applicable, or the cost on initial
ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.
patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.
Business combinations
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair
the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. value, and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business combination, the
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the period are Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
included in consolidated financial statements from the date when the Group gains control until the date proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. incurred and included in general and administrative expenses.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to equity holders The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
of the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interest include an input and a substantive process that, together, significantly contribute to the ability to create
having a deficit balance. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing
subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group accounting policies. All intra-group outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing
of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay
in the ability to continue producing outputs.
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity therein. Those
interests of non-controlling shareholders that are present ownership interests entitling their holders to a
proportionate share of net assets upon liquidation may initially be measured at fair value or at the
non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The
choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Other non-controlling interests are
initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests
is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent
changes in equity.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 96

=== [AR2024.pdf p98] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
Business combinations continued which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, or
At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and
fair value at the acquisition date, except that:
circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts
• deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised as of that date.
recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 and IAS 19, respectively;
The measurement period ends as soon as the Group receives the necessary information about the facts
• liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date or learns that the information is not obtainable.
share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment However, the measurement period cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date.
arrangements of the acquired entity are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date; and
Transactions under common control
• assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 are measured A business combination involving entities or business under common control is a business combination in
in accordance with that Standard. which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both
before and after the combination and that control is not transitory.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic Transactions giving rise to transfer of interests in entities, which are under the common control of the
circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of Shareholders, are accounted for using the pooling of interest method without restatement of comparative
embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree. information. The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised
previously in the books of the transferor entity. The components of equity of the acquired entities are
When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
added to the same components within Group equity. Any difference between the consideration paid and
consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
capital of the acquiree is recognised directly in equity.
included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in fair value of the
contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, Transfer of Borouge Business
with corresponding adjustments against goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that
The transfer of the interest in the Borouge Business (refer note 1) was assessed to be a common control
arise from additional information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which cannot exceed one
transaction as the Borouge Business continued to be jointly controlled by the Shareholders before and
year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.
after the Reorganisation. Therefore, the Reorganisation was considered to be outside the scope of IFRS 3
The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not Business Combinations. Upon Completion of the Reorganisation, the Group applied the pooling of
qualify as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. interest method of accounting in line with its accounting policies. Accordingly, for the purpose of these
Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and consolidated financial statements:
its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Other contingent consideration is remeasured to
• The assets and liabilities of the Borouge Business were reflected at their carrying amounts. No
fair value at subsequent reporting dates with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
adjustments were made to reflect fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities, at the date of
When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interests the combination that would otherwise be recognised under the acquisition method.
(including joint operations) in the acquired entity is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the
• No goodwill was recognised as a result of the combination. Any difference between the consideration
date when the Group obtains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss.
transferred and the acquired net assets is reflected within equity.
Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been
recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would
be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 97

=== [AR2024.pdf p99] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued Upon the transfer of the subsidiaries, the following components of equity were brought forward from ADP
Transfer of Borouge Business continued & PTE:
• The consolidated statement of profit or loss reflects the results of the combining entities from the date
of combination. USD’000
The following table summarises the book value of the assets and liabilities of ADP and PTE as at the date Restricted reserve 185,730
of the combination: Capital reserve 12,490
Actuarial reserve (8,294)
Translation reserve (234)
PTE ADP Total
Retained earnings 3,880,620
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Assets A merger reserve of USD 4,446,467 arises as the difference between the book value of the shares issued
Property, plant and equipment 37,832 7,216,453 7,254,285 in the Company in exchange for the share capital of ADP & PTE.
Intangible assets 586 63,375 63,961
Right-of-use assets 24,795 5,678 30,473 Going concern
Investment in sublease – 128,379 128,379 The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, reasonable expectation
Amounts due from related parties – 908,155 908,155 that the Group will continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future as its subsidiaries have a
Inventories 12,677 802,608 815,285 history of profitable operations and the Group has ready access to financial resources. Thus, they
Trade receivables 1,061,309 – 1,061,309 continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial
Cash and cash equivalents 93,628 253,936 347,564 statements.
Other assets 21,193 93,506 114,699
Financial instruments
Total assets 1,252,020 9,472,090 10,724,110
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
Liabilities position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Bank loans – 3,981,666 3,981,666
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are
Trade and other payables 1,007,988 323,535 1,331,523
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
Income tax payable 7,621 101,262 108,883
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
Other liabilities 154,696 701,852 856,548
the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
Total liabilities 1,170,305 5,108,315 6,278,620 costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Net assets as at acquisition date attributable
to common equity holders 81,715 4,363,775 4,445,490 Financial assets
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 98

=== [AR2024.pdf p100] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months
Financial assets continued after the reporting date.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it (i) Significant increase in credit risk
needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
level. The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information
collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair available without undue cost or effort.
value, depending on the classification of the financial assets. For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for
Amortised cost
impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition
recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the
minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any
specified debtor will default on the contract.
difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
Impairment of financial assets
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables, investment in identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
sublease, other receivables and amounts due from related parties. The amount of expected credit losses
is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since
financial instrument. initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A
financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, investment in sublease, other receivables and
amounts due from related parties. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated a) the financial instrument has a low risk of default;
using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that b) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and
are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as
the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate. c) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not (ii) Definition of default
increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial The Group employs models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of probability of default
instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. (“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in
default rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various geographies of the Group.
The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
being credit-impaired at the reporting date.
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 99

=== [AR2024.pdf p101] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued Derecognition of financial assets
Impairment of financial assets continued The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets continued asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks
a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its
b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above); retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds
difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
received.
d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties. carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.
In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at fair value through other
Write-off policy comprehensive income (FVTOCI), the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment’s
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain
or loss previously accumulated in the investments’ revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss,
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses but is transferred to retained earnings.
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
(i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the Financial liabilities
probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
information as described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective
the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure hedge, as appropriate.
includes the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
to be drawn down in the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and
understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking
other payables, lease liabilities, bank loans, contract liabilities, amounts due to related parties, derivative
information.
financial instruments and other payables.
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash
All financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method or
flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group
at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
The Group has elected the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure loss allowance for cash and bank
balances, trade receivables, investment in sublease and amounts due from related parties at an amount Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair
equal to lifetime ECLs. Accordingly, financial assets which are not credit impaired and which do not have value recognised in profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
significant financing component are categorised under stage 2 and lifetime ECL is recognised. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liability.
Expected credit losses related to cash and bank balances, trade and other receivables, investment in
sublease and amounts due from related parties are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 100

=== [AR2024.pdf p102] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued Revenue recognition
Financial liabilities at FVTPL continued Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of IFRS 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising
the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other from contracts with customers. The core principle of IFRS 15 is that an entity should recognise revenue to
comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch with profit or loss. The remaining consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair value Specifically, the standard introduces a 5-step approach to revenue recognition:
attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not
• Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon
derecognition of the financial liability. • Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost • Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
Financial liabilities that are not designated as FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using
• Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.
the effective interest method.
• Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly Under IFRS 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an ‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the customer.
expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a
The Group is in the business of sale of high-density Polyethylene, linear low-density Polyethylene,
financial liability.
Polypropylene, Ethylene, polyolefin and other compounded products.
Offsetting
The Group applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 and does not disclose information
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of about its remaining performance obligations if:
financial position if, and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised
amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities a) the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or
simultaneously. less; or
Derecognition of financial liabilities b) the Group has a right to invoice a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with its
performance to date, then it recognises revenue in that amount.
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of goods and the
derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss. insurance and freight service, based on their stand-alone selling price. For sales transactions with
delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and Cost & Freight), the Group has an
Cash and cash equivalents
additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight services subsequent to the transfer of the
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, short-term deposits held with banks, other short-term goods to the customer.
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 101

=== [AR2024.pdf p103] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued
Revenue recognition continued
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers continued
Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are as follows:
(i) Sale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are transferred to the
customers based on trade terms and all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
(ii) Freight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of service which coincides with the
shipment delivery period.
Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the
Group satisfies a performance obligation (“PO”) by transferring control of a promised good or service to
the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the
satisfied PO.
The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative stand-alone
selling prices of the promised goods or services. The individual standalone selling price of a good or
service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is
determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the transaction price to
goods and/or services with observable stand-alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is
allocated to one or more, but not all, of the PO if it relates specifically to those POs.
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be
entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services. The transaction price may be fixed
or variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing
component. Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group
does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration is variable, the
estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a
significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the
variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the PO. If
a PO is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion reflecting the
progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO.
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods delivered to the customer and is recognised when all
criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 102

=== [AR2024.pdf p104] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued
Revenue recognition continued
Application of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers continued
The following table provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance
obligations in revenue contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related
revenue recognition policies:
Nature of goods or services The Company generates revenue from sales of polyolefin and compounded products.
When revenue is recognised Revenue consideration is allocated to the respective performance obligations, i.e. sales of goods and the insurance and freight service, based on their
stand-alone selling price. For sales transactions with delivery terms CIF and CFR (i.e. Cost, Insurance & Freight and Cost & Freight), the Group has
additional obligation to arrange for the insurance and freight services subsequent to the transfer of the goods to the customer.
Management assessed the Group’s performance obligations are as follows:
(i) S ale of goods – revenue is recognised at a point of time when control of goods are transferred to the customers based on trade terms and all criteria
for acceptance have been satisfied.
(ii) F reight and insurance – revenue is recognised over the course of service which coincides with the shipment delivery period.
Significant payment terms Invoices are issued upon goods delivery. The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days to their customers which are common market credit
terms. In cases where, the Group received cash paid in advance of goods delivered and to the extent that they remain undelivered as at reporting date,
the Group defers recognition of revenue and recognise such amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position as “Contract liabilities”.
Obligations for returns and refunds, if any Sales returns
Customers have the right to return the goods to the Group within 14 days if the products are found defective or do not conform with requirements. For
contracts that permit the customer to return an item, revenue is recognised to the extent that revenue recognised will not be reversed.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated based on past sales returns data. The Group will also recognise
the related assets for the rights to recover the returned goods as inventories based on the previous carrying amounts of the goods plus expected recovery
costs.
Volume rebate
Volume rebates are given to certain customers based on fulfilment of contractually agreed sales targets over a period of time. Such rebates are accounted
for as a variable consideration and is adjusted against revenue.
The rebate amount is estimated based on the most likely outcome method and is recognised when the probability of paying the sales rebates to the
customers is high. The Group reviews its estimate of expected rebate at each reporting date based on the sales to customers, contingent on a future event
occurring or not occurring, and recognise the rebate as a reduction of the revenue.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 103

=== [AR2024.pdf p105] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
intended use or sale.
Other income
Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefit will flow to the Group and the Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
amount of income can be measured reliably. on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing
costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated Intangible assets
impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition Intangible assets acquired are recorded at cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their
of the assets. estimated useful lives as follows:
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as Computer software 3 – 5 years
appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to Cracker rights 10 years
the Group and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Capital work in progress is carried at cost License costs 10 years
less any recognised impairment loss. When commissioned, capital work in progress is transferred to the Others 4 years
appropriate property, plant and equipment category and is depreciated in accordance with the Group’s
policies. License costs represent irrevocable exclusive and non-exclusive rights and licenses granted by Borealis
to the Group for use of Borealis’s proprietary catalyst, process design, patent rights and technical
Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost less estimated residual values of property, plant and
information in order to design, construct, maintain and operate the Ruwais plant, as well as use and sell
equipment, other than capital work in progress, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
Polyethylene (“PE”) resins manufactured in the plant.
method, on the following basis, as follows:
Inventories
Buildings 15 – 40 years
Plant and machinery 8 – 30 years Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
Motor vehicles 4 – 10 years average cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 – 4 years consumables, spare parts, direct labour and materials and related overheads (based on normal operating
capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Provision is made for obsolete and
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis. The slow-moving items.
plant performs regular major inspections and overhauls, i.e. turnarounds.
Impairment of non-financial assets
When each major turnaround is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the item of At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to
property, plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Other plant determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
turnaround costs are expensed as incurred. The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and impairment loss, if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss. the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also
Borrowing costs
allocated to individual cash generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 104

=== [AR2024.pdf p106] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
Impairment of non-financial assets continued include the net present value of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
incentives receivable.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment
with similar terms and conditions.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
• the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash generating
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; and
unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss • restoration costs.
been recognised for the asset (or cash generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value
assets and short-term leases. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as
Leases an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The Group as a lessee
The Group as a lessor
At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices.
an operating lease.
However, for the leases of property, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and
account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially
all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers
leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and
certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.
finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a
constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease
asset is depreciated over the earlier of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. separately. It assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset
The estimated useful lives of the assets is as follows: arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short-term
lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an
operating lease.
Land lease 35 years
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub-lease of a
Transportation, storage, and terminals 4 years
plot of land to a related party, Borouge 4.
Buildings and infrastructure 3 to 9 years
Fixture, fittings, and office equipment 3 years
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 105

=== [AR2024.pdf p107] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part
Interest income
of the asset to be recovered.
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective
interest rate applicable. Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the liability is
settled or the asset is realised. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the consolidated statement of profit
Taxation
or loss and other comprehensive income.
Value added tax (VAT)
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset for financial reporting purposes when they relate to income
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of VAT, except: taxes levied by the same taxation authorities.
• When VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, Employees’ benefit
in which case, VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the
(i) Short term obligation
expense item, as applicable
An accrual is made for the estimated liability for employees’ entitlement to annual leave and leave
• When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included passage as a result of services rendered by eligible employees up to the end of the reporting period. The
accrual relating to annual leave and leave passage is disclosed as a current liability in the consolidated
The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of
statement of financial position.
receivables or payables in the consolidated statement of financial position.
(ii) Employees’ end of service benefits (EOSB)
Current income tax
The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the defined end of
The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Estimates are required in determining the
service benefit plan is the present value of the projected defined benefit obligation (“DBO”) at the end of
group-wide provision for income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the
the reporting period. The provision for EOSB is calculated by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
ultimate tax position is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises provisions
credit method whilst considering the Group’s policy with respect to end of service benefits where it
for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due.
requires the provision to be at least equal to the benefits payable in accordance with the UAE Labour law
Income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be for their period of service up to the end of the reporting period.
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount
The provision relating to EOSB is disclosed as a non-current liability.
are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the
Group operates and generates taxable income. Re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses are
recognised immediately in other comprehensive income. Re-measurements are not reclassified to the
The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which
consolidated statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods. The liability is calculated as the current
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
value of the vested benefits to which the employee is entitled, should the employee leave at the
Deferred tax consolidated statement of financial position date. Payments are based on employees’ final salaries and
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying allowances and their cumulative years of service, as stated in the UAE Labour law.
amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases
Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the
used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method.
consolidated statement of profit or loss.
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax
assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 106

=== [AR2024.pdf p108] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income (or part
Employees’ benefit continued of it) on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to advance consideration, the
date of the transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
(ii) Employees’ end of service benefits (EOSB) continued
monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance,
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined EOSB the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of advance consideration.
obligation. The Group recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss within personnel costs: Group companies
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into USD at the rate of
• Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments
exchange prevailing at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average
and non-routine settlements.
exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which
• Net interest expense or income case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any,
are classified as equity and transferred to the foreign currency translation reserve. Such exchange
(iii) Pension contributions differences are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.
With respect to its UAE national employees, the Group makes pension contributions to the Abu Dhabi
Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
Retirement Pensions and Benefits Funds in accordance with the Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of
Benefits Fund’s regulations. With respect to its GCC national employees, the Group makes pension
the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of exchange at the reporting date.
contributions to the pension funds or agencies of their respective countries. Such contributions are
charged to operating costs during the employees’ period of service. Current versus non-current classification
Provisions The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on
current/non-current classification. An asset as current when it is:
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the • Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
amount can be reliably estimated.
• Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
Foreign currency transactions
• Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period, or
Foreign currency transactions are translated at the rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the
end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the • Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least
rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign twelve months after the reporting period.
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
All other assets are classified as non-current. A liability is current when:
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
• It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair
value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is • It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated
in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation • It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or
differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also • There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the
recognised in OCI or profit or loss, respectively). reporting period.
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 107

=== [AR2024.pdf p109] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policy Information continued The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in OCI in the cash flow
hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.
Derivative financial instruments
The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging
The Group enters into derivative financial instrument contracts to manage its exposure to interest rate.
instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.
Derivatives are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. Cash flow hedges
A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative with a The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments
negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. Derivatives are not offset in the consolidated that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and
financial statements unless the Group has both legal right and intention to offset. A derivative is presented accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value
as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than 12 of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is
months and it is not expected to be realised or settled within 12 months. recognised immediately in profit or loss and is included in the ‘finance cost’ line item.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
Hedge accounting
exercised, or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or loss on
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
the hedging instrument recognised in equity is retained in the Group’s consolidated statement of changes
relationship to which it wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and
in equity until the forecasted transaction occurs or the original hedged item affects the Group’s
strategy for undertaking the hedge.
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. If a forecast hedged
The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in the Group’s
risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge consolidated statement of changes in equity is reclassified to the Group’s consolidated statement of profit
effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the or loss and other comprehensive income.
hedge ratio is determined).
4 Critical Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following effectiveness The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the
requirements: management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause
• There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.
the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are
• The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic reflected in the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably determinable.
relationship.
Judgements and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group circumstances.
actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
Critical judgements
Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for and further described
Segment information
in the below sections. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement
For management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products and
relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
services and management has concluded that it has only one reportable segment. The Group is
remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the
managed as a single business unit and the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting
hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
provided to the Chief Operating Decision-maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is
responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 108

=== [AR2024.pdf p110] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
4 Critical Judgments and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty continued which is based on the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group
Critical judgements continued reviews the estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets at the end of each annual reporting period. Any
change in the lease term or pattern of consumption of these assets are adjusted prospectively.
Segment information continued
identified as the CODM that makes strategic decisions. The financial information reviewed by the CODM Assessment of indicators of impairment of non-financial assets
is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for the Group. The CODM monitors the operating The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is objective evidence that its non-financial
results of its business unit separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and assets are impaired. The Group’s non-financial assets primarily comprise property, plant and equipment,
performance assessment. right-of-use assets and intangible assets. To determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment,
the Group considers factors such as operating economic conditions, industry developments and other
Determination of principal status
factors which could affect the carrying value of these assets. An impairment exists when carrying value of
The Group measures its revenue at the fair value of consideration received or receivable, taking into an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less
account contractually defined terms of payment and excluding taxes or duty, as the Group has costs to sell and its value-in-use. During the current period, impairment expense amounting to USD 3,082
determined that it is acting as principal in the transactions. The determination of whether the Group is thousand (2023: USD 748 thousand) was recorded in relation to property, plant and equipment and USD
principal or agent requires judgement. In making this judgement, the Group evaluates whether it controls nil (2023: USD 983 thousand) in relation to intangible assets.
each specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to the customer.
Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
Asset retirement obligation
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental
The Group exercises judgement in evaluating whether an arrangement contains a legal or constructive borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have
obligation to remove the plant and equipment and restore the land at the end of the contractual to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
arrangement or end of useful life of the Group’s plant and equipment constructed and installed on land a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what
leased from government related entities. The management has concluded it does not have any legal or the Group ‘would have to pay’, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when
constructive obligation relating to decommissioning activity. they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR
using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain
Functional currency
entity-specific estimates (such as the Company’s stand-alone credit rating).
Management considers USD to be the currency that most faithfully represents the economic effect of the
underlying transactions, events and conditions. USD is the currency in which the Group measures its Contingencies
performance and reports its results. By their nature, contingencies will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
The assessment of contingencies inherently involves the exercise of significant judgement and estimate of
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
the outcome of future events. The Group receives claims from its customers and suppliers as part of its
Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets ongoing business and records a provision based on assessment of reliability and probability of the
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant outflow of economic resources (note 24).
and equipment and the intangible assets based on the historical pattern of useful lives and general
Income tax and deferred tax assets
standards in the industry. The useful lives and residual values are reviewed for reasonableness by
management on an annual basis. The amount of income tax payable is subject to adjustment pending final agreement on all items of revenue,
costs and expenses for the period ended 31 December 2024 between the Group and the representatives of
Useful lives of right-of-use assets Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs (“SCFAEA”). Management believes that the finalisation
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of its right-of-use assets for calculating of the discussion will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
depreciation. The cost of right-of-use assets are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 109

=== [AR2024.pdf p111] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
4 Critical Judgments and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty continued As at 31 December 2024, gross inventory was USD 700,617 thousand (2023: USD 698,076 thousand). As
Key sources of estimation uncertainty continued at 31 December 2024, a provision of USD 60,112 thousand (2023: USD 52,892 thousand) on inventories
has been recorded. Any difference between the amounts actually realised in future periods and the
Income tax and deferred tax assets continued
amounts expected to be realised will be recognised in the profit or loss (note 8).
Deferred tax assets are recognised against differences between tax basis and accounting basis of
recording for depreciation on property, plant and equipment, amortisation of intangible assets, 5 Property, Plant and Equipment
amortisation of right-of-use asset and end of service benefits to the extent that it is probable that taxable
profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. Significant management Furniture, Capital
Plant and Motor fixtures and work–in–
judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon
Buildings machinery vehicles equipment progress Total
the likely timing and level of future taxable profits (note 12). USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties and trade and other receivables 2024
Cost:
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for amounts due from related
Balance at 1 January 2024 720,196 12,693,872 14,093 184,005 207,842 13,820,008
parties and trade other receivables. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
Additions – 315 – 191 159,618 160,124
flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
Disposals (5,062) (14,249) – (3,817) (4,449) (27,577)
discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The assessment of the correlation
Transfers from capital
between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant
work in progress 2,168 72,355 – 14,150 (88,673) –
estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic
Transfers to intangibles (note 6) – – – – (17,019) (17,019)
conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also
Exchange differences (532) (1,071) – (325) (46) (1,974)
not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. At every reporting date, the historical
observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed. At 31 December 2024 716,770 12,751,222 14,093 194,204 257,273 13,933,562
An estimate of the collectible amount of due from related parties and trade and other receivables is made Accumulated depreciation
when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. For individually significant amounts, this and impairment:
estimation is performed on an individual basis. As at 31 December 2024, gross trade receivable, other Balance at 1 January 2024 346,093 6,609,624 13,375 170,177 3,384 7,142,653
receivables and amounts due from related parties were USD 859,914 thousand (2023: USD 801,023 Impairment 370 543 – – 2,909 3,082
thousand), USD 20,435 thousand (2023: USD 8,947 thousand) and USD 209,937 thousand (2023: USD Depreciation 26,444 489,722 190 7,760 – 524,116
181,549 thousand) with provision for expected credit losses of USD 1,146 thousand (2023: USD 4,341 Disposals (5,062) (14,249) – (3,817) (4,449) (27,577)
thousand), USD 2,857 thousand (2023: USD 2,688 thousand) and USD nil (2023: USD nil) respectively. Exchange differences (236) (705) (3) (270) – (1,214)
Any difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected to be
At 31 December 2024 366,869 7,084,935 13,562 173,850 1,844 7,641,060
received will be recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Net book value:
Impairment of inventories At 31 December 2024 349,901 5,666,287 531 20,354 255,429 6,292,502
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or
obsolete, an estimate is made of their net realisable value. For individually significant amounts this
estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually significant, but which
are old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and
the degree of ageing or obsolescence, based on historical selling prices.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 110

=== [AR2024.pdf p112] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
5 Property, Plant and Equipment continued The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are
constructed, was granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
Furniture, Capital dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, expect for the Borouge
Plant and Motor fixtures and work–in– 4–Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November
Buildings machinery vehicles equipment progress Total
2021. On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Area where rent will be payable on land for the Innovation Centre Site.
2023
Cost: The depreciation charge for the year is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory
Balance at 1 January 2023 708,385 12,446,908 14,093 173,648 322,197 13,665,231 as follows:
Additions – 249 – 1,155 190,100 191,504
Disposals – (4,369) – (2,014) (2,809) (9,192)
2024 2023
Transfers from capital
USD’000 USD’000
work in progress 12,205 251,906 – 11,269 (275,380) –
Cost of sales (note 19) 456,370 460,168
Transfers to intangibles (note 6) – – – – (26,411) (26,411)
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 64,438 77,401
Exchange differences (394) (822) – (53) 145 (1,124)
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 3,307 2,040
At 31 December 2023 720,196 12,693,872 14,093 184,005 207,842 13,820,008 Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 1 3
Accumulated depreciation 524,116 539,612
and impairment:
Balance at 1 January 2023 319,028 6,108,419 13,179 165,963 5,446 6,612,035
Impairment – – – – 748 748
Depreciation 27,221 505,940 196 6,255 – 539,612
Disposals – (4,251) – (2,013) (2,809) (9,073)
Exchange differences (156) (484) – (28) (1) (669)
At 31 December 2023 346,093 6,609,624 13,375 170,177 3,384 7,142,653
Net book value:
At 31 December 2023 374,103 6,084,248 718 13,828 204,458 6,677,355
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 111

=== [AR2024.pdf p113] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
6 Intangible Assets Capital
Computer Cracker Licence work in
software rights costs progress Others Total
Capital USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Computer Cracker Licence work in
software rights costs progress Others Total 2023
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Cost
2024 Balance at 1 January 2023 114,110 11,305 29,596 171 156,438 311,620
Cost Additions 4 – – 7,272 – 7,276
Balance at 1 January 2024 114,008 11,305 31,255 7,423 181,171 345,162 Disposals (123) – – – – (123)
Additions 953 – – 6,306 – 7,259 Transfers 16 – – (16) – –
Disposals (1,030) – (15,050) – (129) (16,209) Transfers from property,
Transfers 959 – – (959) – – plant, and equipment (note 5) 18 – 1,659 – 24,734 26,411
Transfers from property, Exchange differences (17) – – (4) (1) (22)
plant, and equipment (note 5) 10,289 – 691 – 6,039 17,019
At 31 December 2023 114,008 11,305 31,255 7,423 181,171 345,162
Exchange differences (44) – 1 (2) 1 (44)
Accumulated amortisation
At 31 December 2024 125,135 11,305 16,897 12,768 187,082 353,187 Balance at 1 January 2023 78,424 11,305 25,401 – 140,874 256,004
Accumulated amortisation Charge for the year 10,656 – 1,396 – 16,129 28,181
Balance at 1 January 2024 88,949 11,305 27,721 – 157,061 285,036 Disposals (123) – – – – (123)
Charge for the year 11,153 – 1,065 – 11,530 23,748 Impairment 2 – 924 – 57 983
Disposals (1,030) – (15,050) – (129) (16,209) Exchange differences (10) – – – 1 (9)
Exchange differences (34) – 3 – – (31)
At 31 December 2023 88,949 11,305 27,721 – 157,061 285,036
At 31 December 2024 99,038 11,305 13,739 – 168,462 292,544 Net book value
Net book value At 31 December 2023 25,059 – 3,534 7,423 24,110 60,126
At 31 December 2024 26,097 – 3,158 12,768 18,620 60,643
The amortisation charge for the year is allocated to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
inventory as follows:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Cost of sales (note 19) 20,372 23,711
Amortisation included in unsold inventory 2,881 4,010
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 350 244
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 145 216
23,748 28,181
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 112

=== [AR2024.pdf p114] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
7 Right-of-use Assets and Lease Liabilities The depreciation for the year is allocated to consolidated statement of profit or loss and inventory as follows:
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings, plant and machinery are
constructed, was granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
2024 2023
dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, expect for the Borouge USD’000 USD’000
4-Plant Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November
Cost of sales (note 19) 164 184
2021. On the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl
Depreciation included in unsold inventory 18 22
Area where rent will be payable on land for the Innovation Centre Site.
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 4,604 4,082
(a) Right-of-use assets Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) – 88
4,786 4,376
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
(b) Investment in sublease
Cost:
Investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the sub-lease of a
Balance at 1 January 49,578 44,363
plot of land to a related party Borouge 4 (note 11(d)).
Additions 361 6,664
Disposals (2,745) (1,219)
Modification on lease 2,341 – 2024 2023
Transfer of sublease, net 2,156 – USD’000 USD’000
Exchange differences (477) (230) Balance at 1 January 142,641 135,052
At 31 December 51,214 49,578 Additions 100 2,780
Receipts (6,449) (109)
Accumulated depreciation:
Accretion of interest 5,214 4,918
Balance at 1 January 22,274 19,155 Exchange differences 24 –
Charge for the year 4,786 4,376
Disposal (438) (1,219) At 31 December 141,530 142,641
Exchange differences (205) (38)
At 31 December 26,417 22,274
2024 2023
Carrying amount: USD’000 USD’000
At 31 December 24,797 27,304 Current – Investment in sublease 5,741 4,233
Non–current – Investment in sublease 135,789 138,408
141,530 142,641
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 113

=== [AR2024.pdf p115] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
7 Right-of-use Assets and Lease Liabilities continued 8 Inventories
(c) Lease liabilities
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 Finished goods 378,208 374,498
Spare parts 148,411 162,812
Balance at 1 January 170,613 163,378
Raw materials 159,183 151,455
Additions 361 6,664
Goods in transit 9,020 7,407
Payments (8,904) (5,369)
Work in progress 5,795 1,904
Interest expense 6,233 5,962
Disposal (2,307) – 700,617 698,076
Modification of lease liability 1,691 – Less: allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventories (60,112) (52,892)
Exchange differences (563) (22) 640,505 645,184
At 31 December 167,124 170,613
Finished goods include an allocation of depreciation and amortisation charges amounting to USD 67,337
Non-current 158,082 162,286
thousand (2023: USD 81,433 thousand). The movement in the allowance for slow moving and obsolete
Current 9,042 8,327
inventories during the year was as follows:
Total 167,124 170,613
Set out below, is the amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss related to leases: 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Balance at 1 January 52,892 44,350
2024 2023 Charge for the year 7,220 8,542
USD’000 USD’000
At 31 December 60,112 52,892
Depreciation charge 4,786 4,376
Interest expense 6,233 5,962
9 Receivables
11,019 10,338 (a) Trade receivable
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Trade receivables 859,914 801,023
Less: provision for expected credit losses (1,146) (4,341)
858,768 796,682
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 114

=== [AR2024.pdf p116] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
9 Receivables continued (b) Prepayments and other receivables
(a) Trade receivable continued
2024 2023
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables was as follows:
USD’000 USD’000
Other receivables 19,651 2,231
2024 2023 Tax recoverable 784 6,716
USD’000 USD’000 Deposits 1,760 –
Balance at 1 January 4,341 2,246 Less: provision for expected credit losses (2,857) (2,688)
(Reversal)/ charge for the year (3,195) 2,095 19,338 6,259
At 31 December 1,146 4,341 Prepayments 4,579 14,086
23,917 20,345
The analysis of the trade receivables provision for expected credit losses is as follows:
No interest is charged on the other receivable balances. Past due receivables are provided for based on
estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by reference to management expectations and past default
Past due
history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group considers any change in the
Not past 31-60 31-60 61 – 90 91 – 180 Over 180
Total due days days days days days credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
The movement in the provision for expected credit losses on other receivals during the year was as
31 December 2024 – 0.01% 0.01% – 34.22% – 55.85%
follows:
Expected credit loss rate
Estimated total gross
carrying 859,914 808,242 49,656 – 263 – 1,753 2024 2023
amount at default USD’000 USD’000
Expected credit losses 1,146 73 4 – 90 – 979 Balance at 1 January 2,688 2,604
Charge for the year 169 84
31 December 2023
At 31 December 2,857 2,688
Expected credit loss rate 0.01% 0.01% 0.00% 10.07% 45.40% 21.34%
Estimated total
gross carrying 801,023 741,111 37,718 1,387 2,750 477 17,580
amount at default
Expected credit losses 4,341 93 3 – 277 217 3,751
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 115

=== [AR2024.pdf p117] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
2024 2023
10 Cash and Cash Equivalents Nature USD’000 USD’000
Cost of sales
2024 2023 Purchase of feedstock (ADNOC) Shareholder 951,616 1,083,357
USD’000 USD’000 Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 450,550 421,412
Cash at bank – current accounts 86,216 310,300 Purchase of catalyst (Borealis AG) Shareholder 435,715 466,103
Short-term deposits 332,286 43,614 Re-charge electricity and water (ADNOC) Shareholder 250,277 242,020
Cash in hand 4 7 Purchase of feedstock – DYM Solution Co Ltd Affiliate 47,319 45,027
Royalties (Borealis AG) (note 19) Shareholder 42,643 42,640
Cash and cash equivalents 418,506 353,921
Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Gas processing Affiliate 21,919 15,101
Purchase of feedstock – ADNOC Industrial Gas-(Elixier) Affiliate 5,925 6,484
Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are cash and bank balances amounting to USD 5,855
Fuel, gas and oil (ADNOC Distribution) Affiliate 5,041 4,350
thousand (2023: USD 3,201 thousand) that are denominated in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”). RMB is not a
Purchase of feedstock – Borealis
freely convertible currency and remittance of funds inward and outward of the People’s Republic of China
Compounds Inc Affiliate 3,530 13,312
(“PRC”) is subject to exchange control regulations by the PRC government.
2,214,535 2,339,806
Short-term deposits are mainly denominated in US Dollar and earn interest at average floating rate of 5.32
% (2023: 1.57%) per annum with an original maturity period of less than three months. 2024 2023
Nature USD’000 USD’000
11 Related Parties Transactions and Balances
Selling and distribution costs
(a) Related parties (ADNOC Logistics and Services) Affiliate 185,725 184,939
Related parties comprise the Government of Abu Dhabi and related departments and institutions (owner
Administrative costs including secondee costs
of the majority shareholder), associated companies, joint ventures, shareholders, directors and key
(ADNOC and Borealis) Shareholder 88,149 126,923
management personnel of the Group, and entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced
by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s Interest Expenses
management. During the year, the Group entered into the following significant transactions with related (ADNOC) Shareholder 10,013 7,722
parties at prices and on terms agreed between the related parties:
Compensation of key management personnel:
(b) Related party transactions
2024 2023
Nature USD’000 USD’000 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Sale of goods and other income
Short-term benefits 6,247 4.680
Borealis AG Shareholder 462,629 391,956
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 40,295 34,339 Long-term benefits 469 431
Borouge 4 Affiliate 18,065 14,489
ADNOC Shareholder 6,756 78,912
ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate 82 120
OMV Supply and Trading Affiliate
Singapore PTE Ltd 19 –
527,846 519,816
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 116

=== [AR2024.pdf p118] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
11 Related Parties Transactions and Balances continued Amounts due to related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
Other transactions
Tax 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
An amount of 470,063 thousand (2023: USD 364,828 thousand) was paid to the Government of Abu
Dhabi Department of Finance by the Group as per the fiscal agreement. At 31 December 2024, an Non-current – 34,389
amount of 42,977 thousand (2023: USD 45,952 thousand) was payable to the tax authorities. Current 520,260 532,645
Land – right of use Total 520,260 567,034
The right and license to use the land in Ruwais, on which the buildings and plant and machinery are (d) Amounts due from related parties
constructed, were granted by the Supreme Petroleum Council, free of all fees, in accordance with a letter
dated 28 October 1998. The land in Ruwais continues to be free of all fees, except for the Borouge 4 Plant
2024 2023
Site in accordance with an agreement signed between the Group and ADNOC on 16 November 2021. On Nature USD’000 USD’000
the same day, the Group signed an agreement with ADNOC for the lease of the Sas Al Nakhl Area where
Borealis AG Shareholder 152,407 101,668
rent will be payable on land for Innovation Centre Site (note 7).
ADNOC Shareholder 40,088 23,511
Dividends Borouge 4 Affiliate 14,142 41,119
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 3,216 15,110
During the year ended 31 December 2024, dividends of USD 1,307 million (2023: USD 1,317 million) were
ADNOC Offshore Affiliate – 44
declared and paid in accordance with resolutions of the Board of Directors (note 14).
Borealis AG Abu Dhabi Affiliate 57 72
(c) Amounts due to related parties ADNOC Global Trading Affiliate 27 25
209,937 181,549
2024 2023
Nature USD’000 USD’000 ADNOC Global Trading - Investment in sublease Affiliate – 2,780
OMV Supply & Trading
ADNOC Shareholder 278,554 363,615
Borealis AG Shareholder 112,502 103,402 Singapore PTE Ltd Affiliate 98 –
ADNOC Logistics Affiliate 68,626 46,300 Borouge 4- Investment in sublease (note7(b)) Affiliate 141,432 139,861
ADNOC Gas Facility Affiliate 40,246 36,289 141,530 142,641
DYM Solution Co. Ltd Affiliate 10,449 7,458
351,467 324,190
ADNOC Refining Affiliate 8,814 3,975
ADNOC Distribution Affiliate 491 953
ADNOC Industrial Gas Elixier Affiliate 471 1,139
Borealis Compounds Inc. Affiliate 107 1,792
ADNOC Gas Processing Affiliate – 1,702
ADNOC LNG Affiliate – 5
Borealis AG Abu Dhabi Affiliate – 404
520,260 567,034
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 117

=== [AR2024.pdf p119] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
11 Related Parties Transactions and Balances continued 12 Income Tax Expense
(d) Amounts due from related parties continued a) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
Amounts due from related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 Current tax expense 474,734 382,617
Investment in sublease – current 5,741 4,233
Deferred tax expense
Investment in sublease – non-current 135,789 138,408
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 31,627 17,716
Amounts due from related parties – current 209,937 181,549
506,361 400,333
Total 351,467 324,190
b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
The Group provides credit terms of between 30 to 90 days to their customers which are common market
credit terms. No interest is charged on amounts due from related parties. Past due receivables are
provided for based on estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by reference to management 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
expectations and past default history. In determining the recoverability of a receivable balance, the Group
considers any change in the credit quality of the receivable balances from the date credit was initially Profit for the period before tax 1,745,309 1,401,003
granted up to the reporting date. Management believes that no provision for expected credit losses is Effective tax rate 29.66% 28.47%
required. The ageing analysis of amounts due from related parties is as follows: Tax on accounting profit at applicable rate 517,572 398,866
Provision Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (42) (30)
Weighted Gross for expected
average receivables credit losses Tax effect of exempt income/tax holidays (7,273) (1,602)
loss rate USD’000 USD’000 Opening deferred tax assets remeasured 2,893 (4,782)
31 December 2024 Deferred tax assets reversed on disposed assets during current period 727 1,252
Not yet due 0% 293,092 – Others (7,516) 6,629
< 90 days 0% 58,145 – 506,361 400,333
Past due 91-180 days 0% 230 –
Past due 181-365 days 0% – – (c) Movement in deferred tax balances
Past due > 365 days 0% – – Deferred tax represents temporary differences arising due to the difference in useful lives used for
351,467 – accounting purposes and that used for fiscal purposes for all assets. It also arises due to the timing
difference created in respect of the provision and payment relating to end of service benefits. Deferred
31 December 2023
tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
< 90 days 0% 268,494 –
the deductible temporary differences. Deferred tax relates to the following:
Past due 91-180 days 0% 40,893 –
Past due 181-365 days 0% 12,636 –
Past due > 365 days 0% 2,167 –
324,190 –
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 118

=== [AR2024.pdf p120] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
12 Income Tax Expense continued 14 Reserves
(c) Movement in deferred tax balances continued Merger reserve
Tax charge FX difference
The merger reserve was recognised on combination of the Borouge Business under the pooling of
At Recognised Recognised At
1 January in profit in profit 31 December interest method (note 3).
2024 or loss or loss 2024
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Restricted reserve
Property, plant and equipment (78,920) (31,190) – (110,110) For the Company, in accordance with ADGM laws the provisions of the Decree Law No.32 of 2021 shall
Other provision 27,863 (437) (55) 27,371 not apply to companies established in free zones of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.
Deferred tax liability (51,057) (31,627) (55) (82,739) For the subsidiary ADP, in accordance with the UAE Federal Law No. 32 of 2021 and the Articles of
Association of the subsidiary ADP, 10% of the profit is transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve.
Tax charge FX difference
Recognised Recognised At 31 Such transfers are required to be made until the reserve is equal to 50% of the paid-up share capital of
At 1 January in profit in profit December ADP.
2023 or loss or loss 2023
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 For the subsidiary PTE, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations of PRC, a portion of the profit of a
Property, plant and equipment (61,070) (17,850) – (78,920) subsidiary established in PRC is required to transfer to a statutory reserve which is restricted in use.
Other provision 27,805 134 (76) 27,863
Capital reserve
Deferred tax liability (33,265) (17,716) (76) (51,057) The capital reserve attributable to the owners of the Company relates to a waiver of a related party
At At payable balance amounting to USD 14.8 million in prior years of PTE, the subsidiary.
31 December 31 December
2024 2023 Actuarial reserve
USD’000 USD’000 Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial
Deferred tax asset 2,397 3,450 assumptions on post-employment benefits are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in
Deferred tax liability (85,136) (54,507) other comprehensive income. They are included in the actuarial reserve in the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and in the consolidated statement of financial position.
(82,739) (51,057)
Cash flow hedge reserve
13 Share Capital
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company which became effective on 28 April 2022, that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and
the Company issued 50,000 ordinary shares of USD 1 each on its incorporation to the Shareholders. By accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedge reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value
virtue of the Subscription and Transfer agreement dated 17 May 2022, the Company issued further shares of the hedged item from inception of the hedge.
effective 31 May 2022 (note 1) increasing its share capital to USD 4.8 billion divided into 30,057,691,583
shares, each valued at USD 0.16. Translation reserve
2024 2023 The translation reserve comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the
USD’000 USD’000 consolidated financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency.
Authorised, issued and fully paid
30,057,691,583 ordinary shares of USD 0.16 each 4,809,231 4,809,231
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 119

=== [AR2024.pdf p121] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
14 Reserves continued Movement in defined benefit obligation
Dividends The following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the net
During the year ended 31 December 2024, dividends of USD 1,307.0 million (2023: USD 1,317.2 million) defined benefit liability and its components.
were declared and paid in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors. Of the total dividend, an 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
amount of USD 1,299.7 million (2023: USD 1,299.7 million) was paid to shareholders of the Company and
USD 7.3 million (2023: USD 17.5 million) was paid to non-controlling interests. Balance at 1 January 94,369 93,926
Included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
15 Provision for Employees’ End of Service Benefits Current service cost 8,310 8,341
The Group has a post-employment benefit plan that is awarded to employees in the United Arab Emirates. Interest cost 4,845 4,406
Under the plan, qualifying employees will receive gratuity benefits when they leave service. The
13,155 12,747
employees are entitled to receive a lumpsum benefit based on their last drawn salaries taking into
account the number of years of their service to the Group. Other
Benefits paid (8,466) (4,885)
The defined benefit plan is unfunded. In the estimation of the defined benefit liability, the Group engaged an
Transferred 462 (245)
independent actuary to assess the defined benefit plan obligation. The defined benefit plan exposes the
Foreign exchange loss (337) 3
Group to actuarial risks such as mortality rates, interest rates, and expected retirement and termination rates.
(8,341) (5,127)
The provision for employees’ end of service benefit at the reporting date is as follows:
Remeasurement of provision
Actuarial gains – arising from experience (1,798) (4,303)
2024 2023 Return on assets (693) 4
USD’000 USD’000 Actuarial gains – arising from financial assumptions 2,128 (2,878)
Defined benefit obligation – current 1,235 1,351 (363) (7,177)
Defined benefit obligation – non-current 97,585 93,018
Balance at 31 December 98,820 94,369
98,820 94,369
Actuarial assumptions
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date (expressed as weighted averages).
2024 2023
Discount rate 5.0% 5.5%
Salary escalation rate per annum 4.0% 4.0%
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 120

=== [AR2024.pdf p122] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
15 Provision for Employees’ End of Service Benefits continued As at 31 December 2024, the Group has an undrawn revolving loan facility with First Abu Dhabi Bank
amounting to USD 500 million, valid for up to 5 years form December 2024. The loan bears an interest
Sensitivity analysis
rate at SOFR plus margin per annum of 0.8%. Total commitment fee recognised during the year amounted
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
to USD 1,522 thousand (2023: USD 1,196 thousand). There are no bank covenants or collateral
assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.
maintained for this facility.
2024
2024 2023
USD ‘000
USD’000 USD’000
Increase Decrease
Discount rate (1% movement) (4,969) 5,509 Current liabilities – –
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,744 (5,258) Non-current liabilities 2,944,100 3,140,725
2023 2,944,100 3,140,725
USD ‘000
Increase Decrease
17 Trade and Other Payables
Discount rate (1% movement) (5,266) 4,746
Salary escalation rate per annum (1% movement) 5,520 (5,044)
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
16 Bank Loans
Trade accounts payable 68,794 62,544
Accrued expenses 244,954 202,881
USD 2 ’0 0 0 2 0 4 USD 2 ’0 0 0 2 0 3 Contract liabilities (note 18) 20,494 19,445
Other payables 22,418 23,463
Commercial term facility 2,600,000 2,800,000
Islamic facility 350,000 350,000 356,660 308,333
2,950,000 3,150,000 Trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and have an average credit period of 30 days. The
Unamortised transaction costs (5,900) (9,275) Group has financial risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are paid within the
2,944,100 3,140,725 credit timeframe.
This represents external facilities from a consortium of banks amounting to USD 4,000 million with a
maturity of 5 years from 19 December 2021, comprising a commercial term facility of USD 3,650 million
and an Islamic facility of USD 350 million. The commercial term facility carries an interest rate of SOFR +
0.90% margin per annum and the Islamic facility carries a profit margin amount. The repayment of the
commercial term and Islamic finance facilities will be in full after 5 years. During the year, interest on this
loan amounted to USD 190,768 thousand (2023: USD 206,498 thousand) and transaction costs
amortised amounted to USD 3,375 thousand (2023: USD 6,726 thousand) and have been recognised in
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. During the year ended
31 December 2024, the Company repaid an amount of USD 200,000 thousand (2023: USD 850,000
thousand). There are no bank covenants or collateral maintained for the loans.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 121

=== [AR2024.pdf p123] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
18 Revenue Geographical information
Revenue based on the geographical location of customers as follow:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
Sale of goods (net of commissions and rebates) USD’000 USD’000
Polyethylene 2,431,350 2,409,258
People’s Republic of China 1,803,740 1,727,686
Polypropylene 3,547,516 3,268,596
India 818,815 896,483
Ethylene and others 47,257 113,491
United Arab Emirates 685,489 722,776
6,026,123 5,791,345 Austria 462,629 393,285
Timing of revenue recognition Egypt 374,061 233,436
At a point in time 6,026,123 5,791,345 Pakistan 247,825 272,298
Vietnam 150,389 122,321
Revenue from contracts with customers 6,026,123 5,791,345 Saudi Arabia 120,811 129,845
Bangladesh 115,082 109,136
In terms of the timing of revenue recognition, revenue is recognised at a point in time, when the control of
Japan 103,122 83,184
goods is transferred to the Customer. The Group does not render any installation or other services. There
Others 1,144,160 1,100,895
are no financing components on these contracts with customers. The performance obligation is satisfied
upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 90 days from delivery. Certain contracts 6,026,123 5,791,345
for the sale of goods provide customers with a right of return. However, the sales returns are negligible as
compared to the gross revenue for the sale of goods. Based on estimated expected returns, goods that Contract balances
are likely to be returned are expected to be very minimal. Considering that the sales returns of the Group Contract liabilities relate to advance consideration received from customers for sale of polyolefin products.
are not significant, the Group has not recorded a refund liability and a right of return asset for anticipated The Group did not account for any significant financing component arising from these advances as the
sales returns in either period. related performance obligations are completed within less than 12 months.
19 Cost of Sales
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Cost of production and other related costs 2,633,070 2,782,311
Staff costs (note 20) 338,370 318,369
Depreciation on goods sold (note 5) 456,370 460,168
Amortisation on goods sold (note 6) 20,372 23,711
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 164 184
Royalty expense (note 11(b)) 42,643 42,640
3,490,989 3,627,383
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 122

=== [AR2024.pdf p124] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
19 Cost of Sales continued 23 Selling and Distribution Expenses
19.1 Royalty expense relates to fees charged by Borealis for the manufacturing of polyolefin
products under the Borstar process license and process design agreement. 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Shipping cost 209,382 195,174
20 Staff Costs
Storage cost 140,701 92,679
Salaries and wages (note 20) 106,903 83,764
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 General service cost 5,415 17,590
Travel cost 2,058 1,673
Cost of sales (note 19) 338,370 318,369
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 1 3
General and administrative expenses (note 22) 84,224 84,208
Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 145 216
Selling and distribution expenses (note 23) 106,903 83,764
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) – 88
529,497 486,341 Others 7,358 8,308
471,963 399,495
Average number of employees of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are 2,979 (2023: 3,033).
21 Other Income 24 Contingencies
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had contingent liabilities amounting to USD 193 thousand (2023:
USD 150 thousand) in respect of bank and other guarantees and other matters arising in the ordinary
Other income relates mainly to receipt of insurance claim and sale of scrap materials that took place
course of business from which it is anticipated that no material liabilities will arise.
during the year.
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business.
22 General and Administrative Expenses
While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that
these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements if
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 concluded unfavourably.
Salaries and wages (note 20) 84,224 84,208 25 Segmental Analysis
Maintenance cost 30,828 29,381 The business activities of the Group are performed on an integrated basis. Therefore, any segmentation of
General service cost 21,351 15,374 operating income, expenses, assets and liabilities is not relevant and is not performed for internal
Corporate service cost 8,072 4,927 management reporting purposes.
Human capability cost 5,907 7,486
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 7(a)) 4,604 4,082 For internal management purpose, the Group is organised as one business unit based on the products
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 5) 3,307 2,040 and services and has only one reportable segment. The Group is managed as a single business unit and
Insurance 3,083 – the financial performance is reported in the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision-
Travel cost 384 265 maker (“CODM”). The Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
Amortisation of intangible assets (note 6) 350 244 performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the CODM that makes strategic decisions.
Others 31,011 34,908 The financial information reviewed by the CODM is based on the IFRS compliant financial information for
the Group. The CODM monitors the operating results of its business unit separately for the purpose of
193,121 182,915 making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 123

=== [AR2024.pdf p125] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
25 Segmental Analysis continued i) Credit risk
The CODM regularly reviews the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
income. The CODM function is to allocate resources to and assess the performance of the operating customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
segments of the Group. Based on the review and assessment of the CODM, the Group has a single activities primarily for other receivables and amounts due from related parties and from its financing
operating segment, which is ‘Polyolefin Business’. activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions and other financial instruments.
There are no other economic characteristics within the Group that will lead to determination of other The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum
operating segments. This analysis requires significant judgement as to the circumstances of the Group. exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was:
The Group does not have any operating segments that are aggregated. The CODM has considered the
following criteria in determining the operating segments of the Group: 2024 2023
Notes USD’000 USD’000
• the nature of products and services;
Amounts due from related parties 11(d) 210,035 181,549
• the nature of the production processes; Loans to employees 33,963 35,339
Cash and cash equivalents 10 418,506 353,921
• the type or class of customer for their products and services; and
Trade receivables 9(a) 858,768 796,682
• the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services. Other receivables 9(b) 19,338 6,259
Based on the criteria and evaluation above, the CODM has determined that the Group has only one
operating segment, which is consistent with the internal reporting and performance measurement.
The Group’s credit risk primarily relates to concentration of credit attributable to the amounts due from
26 Financial Risk Management third parties. Management estimates that this concentration of credit risk is not significant, as exposure is
Overview ultimately spread over a large number of third party customers. All balances with banks represent
commercial banks in the Middle East region. For banks, only reputable and independently rated parties
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk
with a sound rating are accepted.
management framework and is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies.
The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set The amount that best represents the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure at the reporting date, in the
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and event counter parties fail to perform their obligations under financial instruments generally approximates
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. their carrying value. Amounts due from related parties and certain other receivables and balances with
banks are not secured by any collateral.
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
ii) Liquidity risk
• Credit risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
• Liquidity risk its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group monitors its
risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. The Group’s objective is to maintain a
• Market risk
balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and funds from
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, shareholders. The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise amounts due to related parties, trade and
policies and processes for measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management of capital. Further other payables, lease liabilities and bank loans. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise
quantitative disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements. Credit risk is limited finance for the Group’s operations and construction activity.
to the carrying values of financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 124

=== [AR2024.pdf p126] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
26 Financial Risk Management continued The financial derivative instruments disclosed in the above table are the gross undiscounted cash flows.
Overview continued However, those amounts may be settled gross or net. The following table shows the corresponding
reconciliation of those amounts to their carrying amounts:
ii) Liquidity risk continued
The shareholders of the Group and the facilities obtained from banks are the main source of funding for Less than 3 to 12
On demand 3 months months 1 to 5 years Over 5 years Total
the Group and the liquidity risk for the Group is assessed to be low. The Group limits its liquidity risk by USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000
ensuring adequate cash from operations, bank facilities and funds from Shareholders are available.
Year ended 31 December 2024
At 31 December 2024, 19.2% (2023: 17.6%) of the Group’s financial liabilities will mature in less than one Inflows – 5,339 15,522 19,331 – 40,192
year based on the carrying value of borrowings reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The Outflows – (5,735) (17,838) (22,927) (46,500)
table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities in each period based on Net – (396) (2,316) (3,596) – (6,308)
undiscounted payments and current market interest rates: Discounted at the applicable
interbank rates – (392) (2,240) (3,361) – (5,993)
Contractual cash
Carrying value flows One year or less More than one Year ended 31 December 2023
Notes USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 year USD ‘000 Inflows – 6,685 17,455 32,279 – 56,419
31 December 2024 Outflows – (5,782) (17,690) (44,946) – (68,418)
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 520,260 (520,260) (520,260) – Net – 903 (235) (12,667) – (11,999)
Lease liabilities 7(c) 167,124 (294,696) (9,788) (284,908) Discounted at the applicable
Bank loan including interest 16 2,944,100 (3,316,676) (189,441) (3,127,235) interbank rates – 861 (468) (13,001) – (12,608)
Derivative financial instruments 29 5,993 (6,308) (2,712) (3,596)
Trade and other payables 17 91,212 (91,212) (91,212) – The Group is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The derivative
instruments have been entered into to manage the interest rate risk, explained in the Financial Instruments
3,728,689 (4,229,152) (813,413) (3,415,739)
risk management section on page 55.
iii) Market risk
31 December 2023
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 567,034 (567,034) (532,645) (34,389) Market price risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
Lease liabilities 7(c) 170,613 (300,693) (9,220) (291,473) because of changes in market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control
Bank loan including interest 16 3,140,725 (3,750,330) (203,179) (3,547,151) market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return. Market prices comprise
Derivative financial instruments 29 12,608 (11,999) 668 (12,667) the following types of risk:
Trade and other payables 17 86,007 (86,007) (86,007) –
Foreign currency risk
3,976,987 (4,716,063) (830,383) (3,885,680)
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in foreign
exchange rates relates primarily to the operating activities and assets and liabilities denominated in a
different currency from the functional currencies.
The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Thus, exposures to
exchange rate fluctuations arise.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 125

=== [AR2024.pdf p127] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
26 Financial Risk Management continued The interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows:
Overview continued
iii) Market risk continued 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Foreign currency risk continued
Increase of 0.5% (14,721) (15,704)
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 5% increase in exchange
rates for the Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Singaporean Dollar, British Pound and Swiss Frank Decrease of 0.5% 14,721 15,704
over the United States Dollar, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to
Debt issued at variable interest rates gives rise to an interest rate cash flow risk. Interest rate swap contracts
changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). A 5% decrease in exchange rates will have the same
are used for debt issued at variable rates to generate fixed interest exposure, creating a cashflow hedge.
opposite effect. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not material.
iv) Capital risk management
2024 2023 The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to achieve strong credit metrics and healthy
USD’000 USD’000
capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value. The Group manages its
5% increase in exchange rates – impact on profit or loss capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. There are no
Japanese Yen 21 19 regulatory imposed requirements on the level of share capital which the Group has not met.
Chinese Yuan Renminbi (249) (106)
Euro 581 999 The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt.
Singaporean Dollar (895) (853) The Group includes within net debt, trade and other payables, bank loans, amounts due to related parties,
British Pound (1) 5 derivative financial instruments lease liabilities and income tax payable less cash and cash equivalents.
Swiss Frank 1 2 Capital includes total equity.
2024 2023
(542) 66 Notes USD’000 USD’000
Trade and other payables 17 356,660 308,333
Interest rate risk
Amounts due to related parties 11(c) 520,260 567,034
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate Bank loans 16 2,944,100 3,140,725
because of changes in market interest rate. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest Lease liabilities 7(c) 167,124 170,613
rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank loan drawdown. Derivative financial instruments 29 5,993 12,608
The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market Income tax payable 47,309 49,871
risks. This is based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at the end of each period. Less: cash and cash equivalents (418,506) (353,921)
Total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 3,622,940 3,895,263
Total equity 4,482,063 4,545,836
Equity and total debt net of cash and cash equivalents 8,105,003 8,441,099
Gearing ratio 0.45 0.46
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 126

=== [AR2024.pdf p128] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
26 Financial Risk Management continued 29 Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Overview continued Management considers that the fair values of the financial instruments of the Company are not materially
iv) Capital risk management continued different from their carrying values at the reporting date.
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – year ended 31 December 2024 Fair value hierarchy
As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and
At At liabilities is as follows:
1 January 31 December
2024 Cash outflows Proceeds Others 2024
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Level 1 USD’000 Level 2 USD’000 Level 3 USD’000 Total USD’000
Bank loan 3,140,725 (200,000) – 3,375 2,944,100
Total liabilities from financing activities 3,140,725 (200,000) – 3,375 2,944,100 Items measured at fair value
At 31 December 2024
Interest rate swap – hedged – 5,993 – 5,993
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities – year ended 31 December 2023
At At Items measured at fair value
1 January 31 December At 31 December 2023
2024 Cash outflows Proceeds Others 2024 Interest rate swap – hedged – 12,608 – 12,608
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Bank loan 3,983,999 (850,000) – 6,726 3,140,725 During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered in interest rate swap agreements for
Total liabilities from financing activities 3,983,999 (850,000) – 6,726 3,140,725 notional amount of USD 500 million. The Group earned fair value gain on derivatives used in effective
cashflow hedge relationship of USD 6,615 thousand (2023: loss of USD 12,608 thousand).
27 Capital Commitments
Cash flow hedge
The Group has authorised and committed estimated future expenditure amounting to USD 129,087
thousand (2023: USD 2,342 thousand). At 31 December 2024, the Group had interest rate swap agreements in place with a notional amount of
USD 500,000 thousand (2023: USD 500,000 thousand) whereby the Group receives a fixed rate of
28 Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Share interest of 4.65% and pays interest at a variable rate on the external bank loan The swap is being used to
Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of hedge the exposure to variability of cash flows associated with the variable interest bearing loan held by
the Group by the weighted average number of share outstanding during the period as follows: the Group.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms of
2024 2023 the interest rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e., notional amount, maturity, payment and
USD’000 USD’000
reset dates). The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the
Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD ’000) 1,225,273 991,125 underlying risk of the interest rate swap is identical to the hedged risk component. To test the hedge
Weighted average number of shares in issue 30,057,691,583 30,057,691,583 effectiveness, the Group completes a qualitative assessment of the critical terms, as the critical terms of
Earnings per share (USD) 0.04 0.03 the interest rate swap match with that of the hedged item and the underlying economics of the interest
rate swap matches the underlying of the hedged item.
There are no dilutive securities therefore diluted EPS is the same as basic EPS.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 127

=== [AR2024.pdf p129] ===
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
31 December 2024
29 Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities continued
Fair value hierarchy continued
Cash flow hedge continued
The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:
• Different interest rate curve applied to discount the hedged item and hedging instrument
• Differences in timing of cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument
• The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instrument
and hedged item
The ineffectiveness recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss was USD nil (2023: USD nil).
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of assets and
liabilities by valuation technique:
Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2: O ther techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value
are observable, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3: T echniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are
not based on observable market data.
During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, there were no transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value
measurements.
30 Comparative Information
Certain comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform to the presentation for the current
year and to improve the quality of information previously presented. Such reclassifications do not affect
previously reported net profit or total equity.
31 Approval Of Consolidated Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue
on 3 February 2025.
Borouge PLC Annual Report 2024 128

=== [AR2024.pdf p130] ===


=== [AR2024.pdf p131] ===
borouge.com
linkedin.com/company/borouge
x.com/borouge
youtube.com/@BorougeAE
instagram.com/borouge
Borouge