
=== [REL_Q2_2026.pdf p1] ===
Borouge Classification: Restricted
Market announcement
BOROUGE DELIVERS 23% INCREASE IN NET PROFIT QoQ
DESPITE CHALLENGING OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
• Successful repairs to affected assets restored full production availability by the end of
June
• Shipped 100% of available production and significant additional volumes from inventory
through alternative logistic routes
• Global shortage of polyolefins and record premia for Borouge’s differentiated products
drove a 53% increase in average realised prices QoQ
• Margins temporarily impacted by increased logistics expenses and propylene feedstock
costs, reflecting operating conditions in the current market environment
• Borouge Plc annual dividend intention of 16.2 fils per share remains in place
ABU DHABI, UAE – 31 July 2026: Borouge Plc (ADX symbol: BOROUGE / ISIN AEE01072B225)
(“the Company”) delivered a resilient second quarter performance in 2026, demonstrating the
strength of its operations, supply chain agility and financial discipline despite adverse regional
developments.
Following the incident on 5 April at its Ruwais complex, the Company restored full asset availability
ahead of schedule with the successful repair of affected assets completed by the end of June. The
Company successfully shipped all volumes produced during the quarter as well as additional
volumes from inventory.
As a result of the Company’s operational and commercial resilience, Borouge Plc, reported in Q2
2026 an increased revenue of $1.4 billion (Q1 2026: $1.2 billion), adjusted EBITDA of $401 million
(Q1 2026: $343 million), and net profit of $191 million (Q1 2026: $156 million), supported by sales
volumes of 0.9 million tonnes. The Company benefitted from a 53% increase in average realised
prices quarter-on-quarter (QoQ), supported by stronger global polyolefin pricing and record premia
for Borouge’s differentiated products.
Hazeem Sultan Al Suwaidi, Chief Executive Officer of Borouge Plc, commented: “Borouge
delivered a resilient second quarter performance despite the regional developments, reflecting the
strength of our operations, the agility of our supply chain and the outstanding commitment of our
people. The swift and coordinated response enabled us to implement effective alternative logistics
routes, ensuring we shipped all volumes produced, supplemented by additional volumes from
inventory, during the quarter, without dependency on the Strait of Hormuz. Repair work was
completed safely and successfully, restoring full production availability across all units affected by
the incident on 5 April. Our financial resilience and disciplined execution continue to support our
commitment to shareholders, with Borouge Plc’s annual dividend intention intact.”

=== [REL_Q2_2026.pdf p2] ===
Borouge Classification: Restricted
Market announcement
Swift and successful repair of damaged assets
As disclosed on 6 April 2026, an incident occurred at Borouge Plc’s production facilities located at
the Ruwais complex which resulted in a temporary suspension of production in affected areas.
Repair work commenced following a period of assessment and was expedited throughout the
second quarter. Asset availability at the site was fully restored by the end of June, although
production has since been constrained by feedstock availability. The cost of repair is expected to
result in only a limited increase in maintenance capex for 2026.
Alternative logistics routes ensured customer supply
In the second quarter, Borouge Plc recorded production volumes of 0.7 million tonnes and sales
volumes of 0.9 million tonnes.
The Company successfully developed alternative logistics routes via road, rail and sea which
enabled it to ship beyond volumes produced during the quarter, supporting continued customer
supply despite regional disruption.
Borouge’s utilisation rates in the quarter averaged at 60%. With asset availability now fully
restored, Borouge is well positioned to return to high utilisation rates during the second half of 2026
depending on logistics and feedstock availability.
Stronger pricing environment supports second quarter performance
Borouge Plc delivered increased revenues of $1.4 billion in Q2 2026, 20% higher QoQ. A stronger
pricing environment, driven by a global shortage of polyolefins supply and continued customer
demand for the Company's differentiated product portfolio, helped mitigate the impact of regional
disruptions.
The Company maintained customer supply across its core markets, with sales volumes of 0.9
million tonnes during the quarter.
Temporary margin pressure from higher costs
Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 2026 was $401 million with net profit of $191 million. While higher average
realised prices partially offset increased freight and logistics costs and higher propylene feedstock
prices, EBITDA margins were temporarily impacted by these elevated costs during the quarter.
Delivering growth – Borouge 4
Borouge Plc continues to make positive progress on the Borouge 4 expansion project, set to boost
the Company’s production capacity by 1.4 million tonnes, with the new Cross-Linked Polyethylene
(XLPE) plant reaching commercialisation. Following successful performance testing, the Company
delivered the first batch of materials to customers with the new plant set to add 100,000 tonnes of
annual capacity, doubling Borouge Plc’s XLPE output, and strengthening its ability to deliver
premium polyolefin solutions. Further Borouge 4 plants are expected to come online in 2026 and
2027, driving value for customers and shareholders.
Borouge International
The successful formation of Borouge International, completed on 30 March 2026, creates the
fourth-largest polyolefins producer globally as measured by nameplate capacity, combining
premium products, proprietary technologies and a global footprint. Borouge Plc is now part of
Borouge International and is expected to benefit from the global footprint, technologies, and

=== [REL_Q2_2026.pdf p3] ===
Borouge Classification: Restricted
Market announcement
product portfolio of the new platform, strengthening Borouge Plc’s long-term competitiveness,
enhancing geographic diversification and scale to provide a broader base for future value creation,
while maintaining a clear commitment to shareholder returns.
Borouge International’s North American and European operations benefitted from stronger prices
in Q2, demonstrating the benefits of the new globally diversified platform. As the world's fourth-
largest polyolefins producer with 13.6 million tonnes of annual production capacity across 30 global
manufacturing sites, Borouge International is well positioned to deliver long term growth and
value.
Borouge International delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion in Q2, demonstrating the
resilience of its business model and the immediate benefits of its diversified global footprint,
premium product portfolio, and disciplined operational execution.
As part of Borouge International, Borouge Plc’s annual dividend intention of 16.2 fils per share
remains in place. The timing of the proposed tender offer, which will convert Borouge Plc shares
to Borouge Group International AG shares, will align with the new company’s future equity raise,
to maximise value for all shareholders. The tender offer is expected to take place in 2027, subject
to market conditions and approval by the UAE Capital Market Authority.
Outlook
In the second half of 2026, a recovery in utilisation rates will be dependent on the level of free
movement of maritime traffic through the Strait of Hormuz, with Borouge production facilities fully
positioned for a fast recovery in production and sales volumes, subject to feedstock availability.
Average realised pricing is expected to remain elevated in the short term, while logistics costs
are expected to remain high. Further guidance will be given as appropriate and as the regional
situation develops. Borouge retains significant financial resilience to navigate short term
operational disruption.
--- ENDS ---
About Borouge Plc
Borouge Plc, listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX symbol: BOROUGE / ISIN
AEE01072B225), is a leading petrochemicals company that provides innovative and differentiated polyolefin
solutions for the infrastructure, energy, mobility, healthcare, agriculture and advanced packaging industries.
Borouge employs more than 2,900 people and serves customers in over 90 countries across Asia, the Middle
East and Africa.
Founded in 1998 through a strategic partnership between ADNOC and Borealis, Borouge was formed to
build and operate a polyolefins complex in Al Ruwais Industrial City, United Arab Emirates, which today is
one of the world’s largest integrated polyolefin complexes. Since March 2026, Borouge International owns
a majority 90% stake in Borouge.
To find out more, visit: borouge.com
For further information, please contact:
Borouge Global Communications: Media@borouge.com
Borouge Investor Relations: IR@borouge.com