   Saudi Telecom Company
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)



CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Saudi Telecom Company
A Saudi Joint Stock Company
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


INDEX                                            PAGES


Independent Auditor’s Report                      2-6

Consolidated statement of financial position       7

Consolidated statement of profit or loss           8

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income     9

Consolidated statement of cash flows               10

Consolidated statement of changes in equity        11

Notes to the consolidated financial statements   12-105
                                                                        Deloitte and Touche & Co.
                                                                        Chartered Accountants
                                                                        (Professional Simplified Joint Stock Company)
                                                                        Paid-up capital 5,000,000
                                                                        Metro Boulevard Al-Aqiq
                                                                        King Abdullah Financial District
                                                                        P.O. Box 213 - Riyadh 11411
                                                                        Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
                                                                        C.R. No. 1010600030

                                                                        Tel: +966 11 5089001
                                                                        www.deloitte.com




To the Shareholders of Saudi Telecom Company (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Saudi Telecom

position as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity
for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2025, and its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial

pronouncements issued by the Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants

Basis for Opinion


Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
                                                                                                           le
to audits of financial statements of public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the requirements of the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion

.
                                                                                      Deloitte and Touche & Co.
                                                                                      Chartered Accountants



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context
of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 1. Revenue recognition                                      We performed the following procedures, inter alia, in
 The Group reported revenue from telecommunication           order to address the key audit matter:
 and related services of SAR 77 billion for the year ended
 31 December 2025.                                           •    We obtained an understanding of the significant
 Telecommunication service revenue recognition                    revenue recognition processes, with the
 involves processing of high volume of transactions               assistance of our IT specialists, and identified the
 through complex IT systems.                                      relevant controls, IT systems, interfaces and
 The end-to-end process of revenue recognition related            reports involved in the revenue cycle.
 to telecommunication services from the entering of          •    We assessed the abovementioned controls,
 customers details in the network system through                  including change management controls, to
 generation of call records and ultimately recognition of         determine if they had been appropriately
 revenue in the accounting records is highly automated.           designed and implemented and tested these
 Given the volume of transactions and complexity of IT            controls to determine if they were operating
 systems, this area is considered most significant to our         effectively throughout the year.
 audit, requiring focused attention and effort.              •    We evaluated the Group’s accounting policies
 Additionally, we identified a risk related to manual             over revenue recognition to determine if they
 journal entries posted directly to the general ledger to         were in compliance with IFRS Accounting
 adjust revenue balances. Such entries present a risk of          Standards that are endorsed by SOCPA.
 management        override    of     controls     through   •    We reviewed, on a sample basis, key
 inappropriate adjustments.                                       reconciliations performed by the Group’s revenue
 This, together with the quantitative significance of the         assurance team, including reconciliations from
 amount to the consolidated financial statements, the             business support systems to billing and charging
 high volume of individually low-value transactions and           systems.
 the level of audit effort required has resulted in          •    We selected a sample of invoices for which
 revenue recognition being identified as a key audit              revenue had been recognized and verified the
 matter.                                                          revenue amounts based on the underlying
 The accounting policy for revenue recognition is set out         supporting documents .
 in note 4 with the related disclosures in note 34 to the    •    We identified, on a sample basis, revenue-related
 consolidated financial statements.                               manual journal entries posted directly to the
                                                                  general ledger and agreed these entries to
                                                                  supporting documentation.
                                                             •    We tested the reconciliation of the general ledger
                                                                  with key systems involved in the revenue
                                                                  recording process, including the billing and
                                                                  charging systems where deemed relevant.
                                                             •    We performed substantive analytical procedures
                                                                  by calculating the expected revenue based on a
                                                                  combination of internal data and publicly
                                                                  available external data, and comparing it with the
                                                                  revenue recorded.
                                                             •    We assessed the disclosures in the consolidated
                                                                  financial statements relating to this matter against
                                                                  the requirements IFRS Accounting Standards as
                                                                  endorsed by SOCPA.
                                                                                 Deloitte and Touche & Co.
                                                                                 Chartered Accountants




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

Other Matter

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 were audited by
another auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on 6 March 2025 (corresponding
to 6 Ramadan 1446H).

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Group’s annual report. The other information does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

The Group’s 2025 annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with IFRSs that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards and
pronouncements issued by SOCPA, the applicable provisions of the Regulations for Companies and the
Company’s Bylaws and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance, i.e. the Audit Committee, is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.
                                                                                     Deloitte and Touche & Co.
                                                                                     Chartered Accountants



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

 As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, we exercise
 professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
     material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
 •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by management.
 •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
     the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
     to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
     auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
     going concern.
 •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
 •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
     group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
     work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
 and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
 that we identify during our audit.
 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
 ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
 matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
 to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
                                                                              Deloitte and Touche & Co.
                                                                              Chartered Accountants




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




Deloitte and Touche & Co.
Chartered Accountants




Mazen A. Al-Omari
Certified Public Accountant
License No. 480
Ramadan 2, 1447 AH
February 19, 2026
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

A)   ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY

     Saudi Telecom Company (the “Company” or “stc”) was established as a Saudi Joint Stock Company pursuant to Royal Decree
     No. M/35 dated 24 Dhul Hijja 1418H (corresponding to 21 April 1998) that authorized the transfer of the telegraph and
     telephone division of the Ministry of Post, Telegraph and Telephone (“MoPTT”) with its various components and technical
     and administrative facilities to the Company, and in accordance with the Council of Ministers’ Resolution No. 213 dated 23
     Dhul Hijja 1418H (corresponding to 20 April 1998) that approved the Company’s by-laws (“By-laws”). The Company was wholly
     owned by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the “Government”). The Government sold 30% of its shares
     pursuant to the Council of Ministers Resolution No. 171 dated 2 Rajab 1423H (corresponding to 9 September 2002). The Public
     Investment Fund (“PIF”) is the ultimate controlling party of the Company through its ownership of 62% as at 31 December
     2025 (2024: 62%).

     The Company commenced its operation as the provider of telecommunications services throughout the Kingdom of Saudi
     Arabia (“the Kingdom”) on 6 Muharram 1419H (corresponding to 2 May 1998) as a Saudi Joint Stock Company on 4 Rabi al-Awal
     1419H (corresponding to 29 June 1998) with National No. 700876768. The Company’s head office is located in King Abdulaziz
     Complex, Imam Mohammed Bin Saud Street Al Mursalat Area, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

B)   GROUP ACTIVITIES

     The main activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) comprise the provision of
     telecommunications, information, media services and digital payments, which include, among other things:

     1)    Establish, manage, operate and maintain fixed and mobile telecommunication networks, systems and infrastructure.
     2)    Deliver, provide, maintain and manage diverse telecommunication and information technology (IT) services to
           customers.
     3)    Prepare the required plans and necessary studies to develop, implement and provide telecommunication and IT
           services covering all technical, financial and administrative aspects. In addition, prepare and implement training plans
           in the field of telecommunications and IT, and provide consultancy services.
     4)    Expand and develop telecommunication networks, systems, and infrastructure by utilizing the most current devices
           and equipment in telecom technology, especially in the fields of providing and managing services, applications and
           software.
     5)    Provide integrated communication and information technology solutions which include, among other things, telecom,
           IT services, managed services, cloud services, and internet of things, etc.
     6)    Provide information-based systems and technologies to customers including providing telecommunication means for
           the transfer of internet services.
     7)    Wholesale and retail trade, import, export, purchase, own, lease, manufacture, promote, sell, develop, design, setup
           and maintenance of devices, equipment, and components and executing contracting works that are related to different
           telecom networks including fixed, moving and private networks. In addition, computer programs and other intellectual
           properties.
     8)    Real estate investment and the resulting activities, such as selling, buying, leasing, managing, developing and
           maintenance.
     9)    Acquire loans and own fixed and movable assets for intended use.
     10)   Provide financial and managerial support and other services to subsidiaries.
     11)   Provide development, training, asset management and other related services.
     12)   Provide solutions for decision support, business intelligence and data investment.
     13)   Provide supply chain and other related services.
     14)   Provide digital banking services.
     15)   Provide cybersecurity services.
     16)   Construction, maintenance and repair of telecommunication and radar stations and towers.


     Moreover, the Company is entitled to set up individual companies as limited liability or closed joint stock. It may also own
     shares in, or merge with, other companies, and it has the right to partner with others to establish joint stock, limited liability
     or any other entities whether inside or outside the Kingdom.




                                                                 12
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CONSOLIDATION
2.1 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (IFRS Accounting Standards) and other standards and pronouncements that are endorsed
by the Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants (SOCPA).

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, unless stated otherwise in the below
accounting policies.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Saudi Riyals (SR or        ), which is the functional currency of the Company,
and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand Saudi Riyals, except when otherwise indicated.

The Group has prepared the consolidated financial statements on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going concern.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as endorsed in the
Kingdom requires the use of certain significant accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the
process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where
assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 5.

The material accounting policies (Note 4) applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements are consistent with those
applied in comparative periods presented.

2.2 Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group comprise the financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries (Note
6).


Subsidiaries are companies controlled by the Group. Control is achieved when the Group has:
      -   Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
          investee)
      -   Exposure to risk, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
      -   The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns


In general, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. In support of this assumption, when the Group
has less than a majority of the voting rights or similar rights in the investee, the Group takes into consideration all relevant facts
and circumstances when determining whether it exercises control over the investee, including:
      -   Arrangement(s) with other voting rights holders in the investee company.
      -   Rights arising from other contractual arrangements.
      -   Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or
more of the elements of control mentioned above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control
of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired (or disposed) of during the year are consolidated
(or deconsolidated) in the consolidated financial statements from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the equity holders of the Company and to the
non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the equity holders of the Company and to
the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with
the Group's accounting policies.




                                                                   13
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)
2.2 Basis of consolidation (continued)
All intragroup assets and liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
eliminated in full on consolidation.

Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted
for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect
the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries
Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration
paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and is
calculated as the difference between (1) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any
retained interest and (2) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any
non-controlling interests. All amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are
accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets and liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e., reclassified to the
consolidated statement of profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRS
Accounting Standards). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9, and when applicable, the cost on initial
recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture under IAS (28).

3. NEW STANDARDS, INTERPRETATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
3.1 NEW IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS, ISSUED AND ADOPTED
Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that were applied by the Group on 1 January 2025 and had no material impact are as
follows:

                                                              Amendments
  Amendments to IAS 21: Lack of exchangeability

3.2 OTHER AMENDMENTS TO RELEVANT IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE
The IFRS Accounting Standards and amendments that are issued, but not yet effective, as of 31 December 2025 are disclosed below.
The Group intends to adopt these new standards and amendments, if applicable, when they become effective. These standards are
not expected to have a material impact on the Group at their effective dates, except IFRS 18, which the Group is currently evaluating
the impact of its adoption on the consolidated financial statements.

                                                    New Standards and amendments
   IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
   IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability
   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Contracts referencing nature–dependant electricity.
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
   Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards—Volume 11

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
4.1 Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method upon transfer of control to the Group. The consideration
transferred is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by
the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
exchange for control of the acquiree, fair value of any assets or liabilities resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement,
and fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the identifiable assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and
designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.
This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.




                                                                  14
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.1 Business combinations and goodwill (continued)
At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair value with limited
exceptions.


Any contingent consideration to be paid (if any) will be recognized at fair value at the acquisition date and classified as equity or a
financial liability. Contingent consideration classified as a financial liability is subsequently remeasured at fair value with the
changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Contingent consideration classified as equity is
not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
interests in the acquiree, and the fair value at the acquisition-date of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree
(if any) over the net acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. If, after
reassessment, the net of the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed exceeds
the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the
acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets
acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts recognized at the acquisition
date.

If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred,
a gain on bargain purchase at a differential price is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing
for goodwill acquired from the business combination and from the date of acquisition, it will be allocated to cash-generating units
(“CGU”) that are expected to benefit from the business combination regardless of whether the other assets or liabilities acquired
have been allocated to those units.
Goodwill is allocated to the cash generating unit and when part of the operations of that unit are disposed of, goodwill associated
with the discontinued operation will be included in the carrying amount when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the
operation. The goodwill in such circumstances is measured on the basis of the relative value of the disposed operation and the
remaining portion of the cash-generating unit.
Impairment is determined annually (or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be
impaired) by assessing the recoverable amount of each CGU (or group of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates. When the
recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. Impairment losses relating to
goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity's net
assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate
share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value or, when applicable, on the
basis specified in another relevant IFRS Accounting Standards endorsed in Kingdom.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to its
acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognized in other
comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss where such treatment would be appropriate
if that interest were disposed of.

If the initial accounting for the business combination is not completed by the end of the reporting period which constitutes the
period in which the combination occurred, the Group presents the items whose value calculation has not been completed in a
temporary manner in the consolidated financial statements. During the measurement period, which is not more than one year from
the acquisition date, the provisional amounts recognized on the acquisition date is retrospectively adjusted to reflect the
information obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed at the date of acquisition and if it is determined that this will
affect the measurement of amounts recognized as of that date.

The Group recognizes additional assets or liabilities during the measurement period if new information becomes available about
facts or circumstances that existed at the date of the acquisition and if it will result in recognition of assets or liabilities from that
date. The measurement period ends once the group obtains all information that existed at the acquisition date or as soon as it
becomes sure of the absence of more information.




                                                                   15
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but does not have control or joint control. Significant
influence is the Group’s ability to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but not to control or
joint control over those policies.

Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant
activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. A joint arrangement is an arrangement where the Group has
joint control of the investee. Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The
classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint
arrangement.

Factors to determine significant influence include holding directly or indirectly voting power of the investee, representation on
the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the investee, participation in policy-making processes including
participation in decisions about dividends or other distributions, material transactions between the Group and the investee,
interchange of managerial personnel or provision of essential technical information.

The investments in associates or joint ventures are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group using the
equity method of accounting from the date on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. The Group discontinues
the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an associate or a joint venture, or when the investment
is classified as held for sale. The investment in associates or joint ventures in the consolidated statement of financial position are
initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
income of the associate or joint venture adjusted for any impairment in the value of the net investment and dividends received. In
addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes
its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. When the Group's share of losses
of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group's interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term
interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
recognising its share of further losses.

Additional losses are recognized and recorded as liabilities only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

Unrealized gains or losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate or joint venture are eliminated to the
extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture.

On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share
of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the
carrying amount of the investment.

Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year of acquisition.

The requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognize any impairment loss
with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate or a joint venture. The carrying amount of the investment in an associate or
a joint venture is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy described in Note (5.2.1). Goodwill relating to the associate or
joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment separately. Thus, reversals of
impairments may effectively include reversal of goodwill impairments. Impairments and reversals are presented within ‘Share of
profit of an associate and a joint venture’ in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues to use the equity method,
the Group reclassifies to the consolidated statement of profit or loss the gain or loss that had previously been recognized in other
comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be required to be reclassified to
profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.




                                                                       16
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
The financial statements of the associate or joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies of the associate or joint venture in line with those of the Group.


4.3 Share-based payment transactions
The Group’s executive employees receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments under the employee long term
incentives program, whereby employees render services as consideration for the Company’s shares (equity-settled transactions).
The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value of the equity instrument at the grant date. The grant date is
the date on which the Group and the employee agree on the share-based agreement, so that a common understanding of the terms
and conditions of the agreement exists between the parties.


Share-based payment expense is included as part of employee benefit expenses over the period in which the service and the
performance conditions are fulfilled (the vesting period), with the corresponding amount recorded under other reserves within
equity in accordance with the requirements of the International Financial Reporting Standard (2): Share-based Payment. The
cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to
which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of shares that will ultimately vest. The expense
or credit in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognized
from the beginning to the end of that period.


4.4 Treasury shares
Own equity instruments that are repurchased (treasury shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is
recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issuance or cancellation of the shares. Any
difference between the carrying amount of the shares and the consideration, if reissued, is recognized in other reserves within
equity.




                                                                 17
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.5 Revenue recognition
The Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on a five-step model as set out in IFRS 15. Revenue is
recognized based on the consideration, to which the Group expects to be entitled, as per contract with a customer and excludes
amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a product or services to
a customer.


The timing of revenue recognition is either at a point in time or over time depending upon the satisfaction of the performance
obligation by transferring control of goods or services to the customer.


When there is a high degree of uncertainty about the possibility of collection from certain customers, the Group recognizes
revenue only upon collection, when the consideration becomes non-refundable.


The Group principally earns revenue from airtime usage, messaging, data services, interconnect fees, connection fees and device
sales. Products and services may be sold separately or in bundled packages.


 Products and services                            Nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligation

 Mobile                        Mobile telecommunication services include voice, data, messaging, and valued added services.
 telecommunication             The Group recognizes revenues as and when these services are provided.
 services
 Fixed telecommunication       Fixed telecommunication services include voice, broadband, internet, and data connectivity
 services                      services. The Group recognizes revenues as and when these services are provided.

 Enterprise solutions          Enterprise solutions services include system integration, IT managed services, cyber security, data
 services                      / data centers and cloud, dedicated internet access, outsourcing, and digital services. The Group
                               recognizes revenues when control transfers to the customer (over time or at a point in time based
                               on the service provided).
 Bundled packages              Arrangements involving multiple products and services are separated into distinct performance
                               obligations and revenue is recognized on the basis of standalone selling prices of the distinct
                               performance obligations by allocating the total arrangement consideration to the distinct
                               performance obligations on the basis of the relative standalone selling prices of the distinct
                               performance obligations. Items are separable if they are of separate value to the customer.
 Mobile and other devices      The Group recognizes revenues at a point in time when the control of the device is transferred to
                               the customer. This usually occurs at the contract inception when the customer takes the
                               possession of the device.
 Banking services              Includes services provided to STC Bank customers. STC Bank recognises revenue when these
                               services are provided.


A contract modification exists when the parties to a contract approve a modification that creates new or changes existing rights
and obligations of the parties to the contract. Revenue recognition under the existing contract is continued until the contract
modification is approved.

If the Group has a contract that is onerous, the present obligation under the contract is recognized and measured as a provision.
However, before a separate provision for an onerous contract is established, the Group recognizes any impairment loss that has
occurred on assets dedicated to that contract




                                                                18
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.5 Revenue recognition (continued)
4.5.1 Variable consideration
In determining the transaction price, the Group considers the effects of variable consideration. If the consideration in a contract
includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for
transferring the products and services to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and
constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not
occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


4.5.2 Significant financing component
If a customer can pay for purchased equipment or services over a period of time, IFRS 15 requires judgement to determine if the
contract includes a significant financing component. If it does, then the transaction price is adjusted to reflect the time value of
money.
As a practical expedient, the Group does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing
component if the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Group transfers a promised good or
service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.


4.5.3 Contract balances
4.5.3.1 Contract Assets
A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods and services transferred by the Group to the customer.
If the Group transfers goods or services to a customer before the customer pays any consideration or before payment is due, a
contract asset is recognized for the earned consideration that is conditional.


4.5.3.2 Trade receivables
A Trade receivable is recognized if the amount of consideration due from the customer is unconditional (if only the passage of time
is required before payment of that consideration is due).



4.5.3.3 Contract Costs
Contract costs relate to incremental costs of obtaining a contract and certain costs to fulfil a contract to be recognized as an
asset when:
     -    The costs relate directly to the contract (or to a specified anticipated contract)
     -    The costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
          performance obligations in the future.
     -    The costs are expected to be recovered

Contract costs recognized by the Group are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the Group’s transfer of related
goods or services to the customer.

As a practical expedient, the Group recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the
amortization period of the asset that the Group otherwise would have recognized is one year or less.


4.5.3.4 Contract Liabilities
A contract liability is recognized if a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the
Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the
contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).




                                                                  19
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.5 Revenue recognition (continued)
4.5.4 Customer loyalty programs
The Group offers customer loyalty programs, which allow customers to earn points that can be redeemed through availing stc
products and services or through certain third-party partners. The loyalty points give rise to a separate performance obligation as
they provide a material right to the customer.
The Group allocates a portion of the transaction price to the loyalty points awarded to customers based on relative stand-alone
selling price considering the likelihood that the customer will redeem the points, and recognizes it as a contract liability. Revenue
is recognized upon redemption of the points by the customer or their expiry if not used within a year.


4.5.5 Principal versus agent assessment
When the Group sells goods or services as a principal, revenues and costs to suppliers are reported on a gross basis in revenues
and operating costs. If the Group sells goods or services as an agent, revenue and payments to suppliers are recorded in revenue
on a net basis, representing the margin earned.
Whether the Group is considered to be the principal or an agent in the transaction depends on an analysis by management of both
the legal form and substance of the agreement between the Group and its business partners; such judgements impact the amount
of reported revenue and operating expenses but do not impact reported assets, liabilities or cash flows.
Whether the Group is principal or agent, depends whether the control of products and services is transferred to customers, and it
has the ability to direct the use of the devices or obtain benefits from the devices and service. Below are the key criteria to
determine whether the Group is acting as principal:


-         The Group has primary responsibility for providing the products or services to the customer or for fulfilling the order, for
example by being responsible for the acceptability of the products or
services ordered or purchased by the customer;
-         The Group has inventory risk before or after customer order, during shipping or on return; and
-         The Group has latitude in establishing the prices, either directly and indirectly, for example by providing additional
products or services.




                                                                 20
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.6 Lease contracts
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

The Group as a lessee
At the commencement date, the Group recognizes a right of use asset representing the Group’s right to use the underlying asset
and a lease liability representing the Group’s obligation to make lease payments.
At commencement date, the right of use asset is initially measured at cost (based on the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted
for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received, initial direct costs incurred
and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
located, as per lease terms).
The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable
lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of
penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.
After the commencement date, the right of use asset is measured using the cost model (cost less any accumulated depreciation
and any accumulated impairment losses and adjusted for any remeasurement of the related lease liability). Right of use assets are
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.
At commencement date, the lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined; otherwise, the Group’s incremental
borrowing rate is used instead.

After the commencement date, the lease liability is measured by:
     (a)   increasing the carrying value to reflect interest on the lease liability.
     (b)   reducing the carrying value to reflect the lease payments made.
     (c)   remeasuring the carrying value to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications, or to reflect revised in-substance
     fixed lease payments.
The amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability is recorded as an adjustment to the right of use asset. However, if the
carrying amount of the right of use asset is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability,
then any remaining amount of the remeasurement is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

The Group has elected to apply the exemption not to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The lease payments associated with these leases are
recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase
option, depreciation on related right of use assets is calculated using the estimated useful life of the leased asset.




                                                                    21
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.6 Lease contracts (continued)
The Group as a lessor
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified
as operating leases. Operating lease income is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. Also, all initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease shall be added to the carrying amount of
the underlying asset and recognised as an expense over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Any benefits granted
as an incentive to enter into an operating lease, are distributed in a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total benefits from
incentives are recognized as a reduction in rental income on a straight-line basis, unless there is another basis that better
represents the period of time in which the economic benefits of the leased asset are exhausted.
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
asset. The amounts due from the finance leases are recorded as lease receivables at an amount equal to the net investment of the
Group in the lease. In the case of a sublease, if the interest rate implicit in the sublease cannot be readily determined, an
intermediate lessor may use the discount rate used for the head lease (adjusted for any initial direct costs associated with the
sublease) to measure the net investment in the sublease. The lease payments to be received are divided into two components: (1) a
reimbursement of the original amount (2) a financing income to compensate the Group for its investment and services. The
additional costs directly attributable to negotiating the lease contract are included in the amounts due, which in return, will reduce
the finance income portion from the contract.



4.7 Foreign currencies
The financial information and disclosures are presented in Saudi Riyals (the functional currency of Saudi Telecom Company – the
Parent Company). For each subsidiary, the Group determines the functional currency, which is defined as the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity operates, and items included in the financial statements of each subsidiary are
measured using that functional currency.

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the entity's functional
currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each
reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date
when the fair value was determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated
in line with the recognition of gain or loss on change in fair value of the item to which it relates. Non-monetary items that are
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Gains or losses arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in profit or loss with the exception of
monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment in a foreign operation. These are recognized
in OCI until the net investment is disposed of, at which time, the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss. Tax charges
and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recognized in OCI.

For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign operations
are translated into Saudi Riyals using exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at
the average exchange rates for the reporting period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case
the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in other
comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of
exchange at the reporting date.

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss
of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint venture or an associate
that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences
accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the Group’s shareholders are reclassified to the consolidated
statement of profit or loss.

For all partial disposals of associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control,
the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                   22
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.8 Government grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the attached conditions
and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government
grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are
recognized as deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to the consolidated statement
of profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

When the Group receives government grants as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or immediate financial
support with no future related costs, these are recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.


4.9 Employee benefits
4.9.1 Retirement benefit costs and end of service benefits

Payments to defined contribution schemes are charged as an expense as they fall due. Payments made to state-managed pension
schemes are dealt with as payments to defined contribution schemes where the Group’s obligations under the schemes are
equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution scheme.


Employee’s end of service benefits provision is calculated annually by actuaries in accordance with the projected unit credit
method as per (IAS 19) Employee Benefits, taking into consideration the labour law of the respective country in which the Company
or subsidiary operates. The provision is recognized based on the present value of the defined benefit obligations.


The present value of the defined benefit obligations is calculated using assumptions on the average salary incremental rate,
average employees’ years of service and an appropriate discount rate. The assumptions used are calculated on a consistent basis
for each period and reflect management’s best estimate.


Due to the fact that the Kingdom does not have a deep market in high quality corporate bonds, the discount rate is determined
based on available information of Saudi Arabia sovereign bond yields with a term consistent with the estimated term of the defined
benefit obligation as at the reporting date.


Remeasurement of net liabilities that includes actuarial gains and losses arising from the changes in assumptions used in the
calculation, is recognized directly in other comprehensive income. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the consolidated
statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.


The cost of past services (if any) is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the earlier of:


     -    Date of modification of the program or labour downsizing; and
     -    The date on which the Group recognizes the related restructuring costs.


Net interest cost is calculated using the discount rate to net defined benefit assets or liabilities. The Group recognizes the
following changes in the net benefit obligation identified under "cost of revenue", "general and administration expenses" and
"selling and marketing expenses" in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (by function):


     -    Service costs that include the current service costs, past service costs, profits and losses resulting from labour
          downsizing and non-routine payments.
     -    Net finance cost.




                                                                  23
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.9 Employee benefits (continued)
4.9.2 Other short and long-term employee benefits


A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave in the
period in which the related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for
that service. Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount of the
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the related service.

4.9.3 Early Retirement Program

The Group offers Early Retirement Program (ERP) to certain categories of employees. ERP is payable when an employee voluntarily
accepts the early retirement plan offered by the Group, and the corresponding costs are recognized at that time.


4.10 Zakat and Taxation
4.10.1 Zakat

The Group calculates and records the zakat provision based on the zakat base in its consolidated financial statements in
accordance with Zakat rules and principles in the Kingdom. Adjustments arising from final zakat assessment are recorded in the
reporting period in which such assessment is approved by the Zakat, Tax, and Customs Authority (“ZATCA”).


4.10.2 Current and deferred taxes

Tax related to subsidiaries located outside the Kingdom is calculated in accordance with tax laws applicable in those countries.
The current income tax is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


Deferred income tax provisions for foreign entities are calculated using the liability method, based on temporary differences at
the end of the financial year between the tax base of assets and liabilities and their carrying values for financial reporting purposes.
Deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets are measured at the tax rates expected to be applied in the reporting period in which
the obligation is settled, or the asset is realized.


Deferred tax assets of foreign entities are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. This involves a judgement relating to the future financial
performance of the foreign entity in which the deferred tax assets have been recognized. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
recognized for all temporary differences that are taxable.


4.10.3 Value Added Tax (“VAT”)
Expenses and assets are recognized net of the amount of VAT, except:


• When the VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case, the VAT
is recognized as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as applicable; and/or
• When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included.


The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the
consolidated statement of financial position.


4.10.4 Withholding tax
The Group withhold taxes on transactions with non-resident parties and on dividends paid to foreign shareholders in accordance
with ZATCA regulations. These are recorded as liabilities payable to ZATCA on behalf of the counter party from whom the amounts
are withheld.




                                                                  24
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

4.11 Property and equipment

Property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at their cost, less any accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

The cost of telecommunication network and equipment comprises all expenditures incurred up to the customer connection point,
including contractors’ charges, direct materials and labour costs to the date the relevant assets are placed into service.


Assets under construction are carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Depreciation of these assets commences when
the assets are ready for their intended use.


When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items.


When significant parts of a property and equipment are to be replaced (except land), the Group recognizes such parts as individual
assets with a specific useful life. All other repairs and maintenance costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or
loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred, except to the extent that they increase productivity or extend the useful
life of an asset, in which case they are capitalized.


Depreciation is charged using mainly the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of property and equipment, other
than land. An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to
arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment
is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss within other operating income or expenses.


The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end
and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.


4.12 Investment properties


Investment properties are non-current assets (land or building - or part of it - or both) for the purpose of achieving rental income
or capital appreciation or both. These investment properties are not for sale in the normal course of the Group business, or for use
in providing services or for administrative purposes.


Investment property is recognized as an asset when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Group, associated
with the property and can be measured reliably. Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs.
It is subsequently measured after recognition according to the "cost model", i.e., at cost minus accumulated depreciation and
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Except for land, which is not depreciated.


Regular repair and maintenance costs that do not materially extend the estimated useful life of the asset are recognized in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss when incurred.


Investment properties are derecognized either when they have been disposed of (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or
when they are permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss during the period of disposal.
Transfers from / to investment property to / from property and equipment are made only when the Group changes the purpose of
using the property.


The Group appoints an independent external valuer approved by the Saudi Authority for Accredited Valuers (Taqeem) to obtain fair
value estimates for investment properties annually for the purpose of determining if there is a decrease in the value and also for
the purpose of related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.




                                                                 25
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.13 Intangible assets other than goodwill
Intangible assets are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortization and
accumulated impairment losses. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination represents their fair value as at
the date of acquisition. Projects in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment losses, if any. The useful lives of
intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the useful
economic life. The amortization period and amortization method are reviewed at the end of each financial year, with the effect of
any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually. The assessment of indefinite life
is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from
indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.


4.13.1 Software
Computer software licenses are capitalized based on the cost incurred to acquire the specific software and bring it into use.
Amortization is charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life from
the date the software is available for use.


4.13.2 Licence and frequency spectrum fees
Amortization periods for licence and frequency spectrum fees are determined primarily by reference to the unexpired licence
period, the conditions for licence renewal and whether licences are dependent on specific technologies. Amortization is charged
to the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives when the related network
services are available for use.


4.13.3 Indefeasible Rights of Use (“IRU”)
IRUs correspond to the right to use a portion of the capacity of a terrestrial or submarine transmission cable granted for a fixed
period. IRUs are recognized at cost as an asset when the Group has the specific indefeasible right to use an identified portion of
the underlying asset, generally optical fibers or dedicated wavelength bandwidth, and the duration of the right is for the major part
of the underlying asset’s economic life. They are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the expected period of use
and the life of the contract which ranges between 10 to 20 years.


4. 13.4 Derecognition of intangible assets
An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or on disposal.
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


4.14 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill
At the end of each financial year, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether
there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of
the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).


For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable
cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of other assets (cash-generating
unit).


Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and the present value of the estimated future cash flows
expected to be derived from the asset (value in use). In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                 26
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.14 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (continued)
An assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an indication that previously recognized impairment
losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group estimates the assets or CGU’s recoverable amount. A
previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s
recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset
does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation,
had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss.


Tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
impairment at the end of each financial year.


4.15 Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined using the weighted average
method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and
costs necessary to make the sale.


4.16 Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable
that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and the obligation can be measured reliably.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end
of the financial year, after taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured
using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when
the effect of the time value of money is material). When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of
time is recognized as a finance cost in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a
receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable
can be measured reliably.


4.17 Assets’ decommissioning liabilities


The Group recognizes obligations on decommissioning of assets when there is a legal or constructive obligation arising from past
events and it is likely to result in an outflow of resources to settle the obligation and if the obligation can be reliably measured.


The Group calculates a provision with the value of future costs related to the removal and decommissioning of the network and
other assets. Upon initial recognition of the obligation, the present value of the expected costs (using a discount rate for future
cash flows) is added to the value of the concerned network and other assets. Changes in the discount rate, timing and cost of
removing and decommissioning assets are accounted for prospectively by adjusting the carrying amount of the provision and the
carrying amount of the network and other assets.


4.18 Financial instruments
4.18.1 Classification, recognition, and presentation


Financial instruments are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when and only when the Group becomes
a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. The Group determines the classification of its financial
instruments at initial recognition.




                                                                  27
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.1 Classification, recognition, and presentation (continued)
The Group classifies its financial assets within the following categories:
     a) at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss)
     b) at amortized cost.


The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets (for debt instruments) and the
contractual terms of the cash flows.


In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to cash
flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to
as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and
measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash
flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial
assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortized cost are held within a business model with the objective to
hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through
OCI are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.


4.18.2 Measurement
4.18.2.1 Initial measurement
Financial assets and financial liabilities, except for trade receivables, are initially measured at fair value plus or minus transaction
costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets and issue of financial liabilities. Except for financial assets
and financial liabilities classified at fair value where transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets
or financial liabilities are recognized directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a timeframe established by regulation or convention in
the market place (regular way trades) are recognized on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the
asset.


4.18.2.2 Subsequent measurement of financial assets
The subsequent measurement of the derivatives and non-derivative financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


a.   Financial assets measured at amortized cost:
Assets that are held to collect contractual cash flows are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate (‘EIR’) method
where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from these financial assets is included
in finance income.
The Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost includes trade receivables, Sukuk, financial assets from digital banking
operations, loan to employees, and murabahas.




                                                                    28
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.2 Measurement (continued)
4.18.2.2 Subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)


b.   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) are measured at each reporting date at fair value without
the deduction of transaction costs that the Group may incur on sale or disposal of the financial asset in the future.
This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at
fair value through OCI.


c.   Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) are measured at each reporting date at fair
value without the deduction of transaction costs that the Group may incur on sale or disposal of the financial asset in the future.
Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated at fair
value through OCI when they meet the definition of equity under “IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation” and are not held for
trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


The Group elected to classify irrevocably its listed equity investments under this category.




                                                                 29
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.2 Measurement (continued)
4.18.2.2 Subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)


When a financial asset is derecognized, the accumulated gain or loss recognized previously in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit and loss. However, there is no subsequent
reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the case of equity instruments.

The recognition and presentation of gains and losses for each measurement category are as follows:


     Measurement category                        Recognition and presentation of gains and losses

     At amortized cost                           The following items are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                 •    finance income using the effective interest method
                                                 •    expected credit losses (or reversals of such losses)
                                                 •    foreign exchange gains and losses.
                                                 When the financial asset is derecognized, the gain or loss is recognized in the
                                                 consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     At FVOCI                                    Debt instruments:

                                                 Gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                                                 income, except for the following items, which are recognized in consolidated
                                                 statement of profit or loss in the same manner as for financial assets measured at
                                                 amortized cost:

                                                 •    finance income using the average effective interest method
                                                 •    expected credit losses (or reversals of such losses)
                                                 •    foreign exchange gains and losses.


                                                 Equity instruments:


                                                 Gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                                                 income. Dividends are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                                                 unless they clearly represent a repayment of part of the cost of the investment.
                                                 The amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                 are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss under any
                                                 circumstances.
     At FVTPL                                    Gains and losses, both on subsequent measurement and derecognition, are
                                                 recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss.




4.18.2.3 Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities

a.      Amortized cost

The Group classifies all financial liabilities at amortized cost and remeasure subsequently as such, except for:
1.      financial liabilities at FVTPL
2.      financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition or is accounted for using
        the continuing involvement approach
3.      commitments to provide a loan at a below-market interest rate and not measured at fair value though profit or loss




                                                                     30
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.2 Measurement (continued)
4.18.2.3 Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
a.   Amortized cost (continued)
4.   financial guarantee contracts
5.   contingent consideration recognized at fair value by the Group in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies (shall
     subsequently be measured at fair value with changes recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss).

Financial liabilities classified at amortized cost are measured using the effective interest rate method. When the financial
liabilities are derecognized, the gain or loss is recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss.

b.   Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities falling under this category include:
1.   liabilities held for trading
2.   derivative liabilities not designated as hedging instruments
3.   those designated as at FVTPL

After initial recognition, the Group measures financial liabilities at fair value with changes recognized in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss.

c.   Financial guarantees

A financial guarantee is a contract that requires the Group to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs
because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantees are measured initially at their fair values and, if not designated as FVTPL and do not arise from a transfer of
an asset, are measured subsequently at the higher of:
1.   the amount of ECL determined in accordance with IFRS 9; and
2.   the amount recognized initially less, where appropriate, cumulative amortization recognized in accordance with the revenue
     recognition policy described in the accounting policies.

4.18.3 Impairment of financial assets
The Group considers a financial asset in default at various past due days depending on the classification of financial assets and
their contractual payments terms. In certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default and subject for
write off when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts
in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no
reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to impairment loss
expense.
The Group recognizes allowance for expected credit losses (ECL) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or
loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and cash flows
that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows
will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that will result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a
12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a
loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the
default (a lifetime ECL).
For trade receivables, lease receivables, and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs.
Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes an allowance base on lifetime ECLs at each
reporting date. The Group established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-
looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. For government, related parties and key private customers,
the Group estimates the loss allowance based on the internal assessment to evaluate the collectability of the balances and such
assessment is done based on the available information and negotiations underway. An estimate of the collectible amount is made
when collection of the amount is no longer probable.




                                                                  31
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.3 Impairment of financial assets (continued)
For certain customer categories, this estimate is performed on an individual basis while other customer categories are assessed
collectively and an allowance is applied according to the length of time past due.
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of the probability of default of
exposures with passage of time. The analysis includes the identification for any changes between default rates and key macro-
economic factors across various geographies of the Group. For trade receivables, the average credit terms vary by customer type.


4.18.4 Derecognition of financial assets
Financial assets are derecognized from the consolidated statement of financial position when the rights to receive cash flows
from the financial assets have expired, or when the financial asset or all its risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred
to another party. The difference between the financial asset’s book value and its transferred proceeds will be recorded in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss except for financial assets investments in equity instruments designated as FVOCI.


4.18.5 Derecognition of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are derecognized when and only when the underlying obligations are extinguished, cancelled or expires.


4.18.6 Offsetting between financial assets and financial liabilities
A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and presented as a net amount in the consolidated statement of financial
position when, and only when, both of the following conditions are satisfied:


    1-    The Group currently has a legal enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts of the asset and liability; and
    2-    The Group intends to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


4.18.7 Modifications of financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets
If the terms of a financial asset are modified, the Group evaluates whether the cash flows of the modified asset are substantially
different. If the cash flows are substantially different, then the contractual rights to cash flows from the original financial asset
are deemed to have expired. In this case, the original financial asset is derecognized and a new financial asset is recognized at fair
value.


If the cash flows of the modified asset carried at amortized cost are not substantially different, then the modification does not
result in derecognition of the financial asset. In this case, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
and recognizes the amount arising from adjusting the gross carrying amount as a modification gain or loss in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss. If such a modification is carried out because of financial difficulties of the borrower, then the gain or
loss is presented together with impairment losses. In other cases, it is presented together with the account that most closely
relates to the underlying reason of premodification.


Financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are
substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognized at fair value. The difference
between the carrying amount of the financial liability extinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognized
in consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                  32
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.18 Financial instruments (continued)
4.18.8 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group enters into derivative arrangements to hedge its certain risks such as fair value risks. These derivative financial
instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
remeasured at fair value at each reporting date until settlement. The change in fair value is recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss unless designated in a hedging relationship. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair
value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:
- Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated
  with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognized firm
  commitment.
- Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognized firm
  commitment.
- Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.


At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes
to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.
A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets the effectiveness requirements.
In case of cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized in other comprehensive
income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and
the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item. The amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to
profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the period or periods during which the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss.


The Group separates the foreign currency basis spread from a financial instrument and excludes it from the designation of that
financial instrument as the hedging instrument. The foreign currency basis spread element is recognised in OCI and accumulated
as equity reserve.


If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other comprehensive income must remain
in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount
will be immediately reclassified to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment.


In a fair value hedge, the effective and ineffective portion of gain or loss on hedging instrument is recognised in consolidated
statement of profit or loss if the hedged item is recognised at FVTPL and in other comprehensive income if the hedged item is
recognised at FVOCI (equity instruments).


Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that is accounted for as part of the net
investment, are accounted for in a way similar to cash flow hedges. On disposal of the foreign operation, the cumulative value of
any such gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


4.19 Cash and cash equivalents from banking and non-banking operations
Cash and cash equivalents from banking operations (STC Bank operations) in the consolidated statement of financial position
comprise cash and balances with SAMA (excluding the statutory deposits), due from banks - balance in operating accounts, and
due from banks - money market placements.
Cash and cash equivalents from non-banking operations in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at banks
and short term murabahas with a maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




                                                                    33
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.20 Fair values measurement
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics, nature and risks
of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at
the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements is determined on
such a basis, except for leasing transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to
fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36.


The Group uses valuation techniques appropriate to current circumstances that provide sufficient data to measure fair value,
providing the maximum opportunity for the use of relevant inputs that are observable and the minimum use of inputs that are not
observable. In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the
degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
•    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at
     the measurement date;
•    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either
     directly or indirectly; and
•    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for valuing the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.


For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


4.21 Segmental Information
The specific operating segments of the Group are identified based on internal reports, which are regularly reviewed by the Group's
main decision makers (chief operating decision maker) for the purpose of resource allocation among segments and performance
assessment.


4.22 Cash dividends
The Company’s dividends policy is approved by the General Assembly and the Company recognizes a liability to pay a dividend
when the distribution is authorized and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company. A corresponding amount is
recognized directly in equity.

4.23 Current versus non-current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on a current/non-current
classification. An asset is current when it is:
     •    Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle
     •    Held primarily for the purpose of trading
     •    Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period; or
     •    Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months
          after the reporting period

All other assets are classified as non-current.

A liability is current when:
     •    It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle
     •    It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
     •    It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or
     •    There is no right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period

The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.




                                                                    34
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

4. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
4.24 Non current asset held for sale and discontinued operations
Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly
attributable to the disposal of an asset (disposal group), excluding finance costs and income tax expense. The criteria for held for
sale classification is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for
immediate sale in its present condition. Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is unlikely that significant
changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn. Management must be committed to the sale which
should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

Property and equipment and intangible assets are not depreciated or amortised once classified as held for sale.
Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately as current items in the consolidated statement of
financial position.

Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount after net
profit from continuing operations in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Intragroup transactions are eliminated between
continuing and discontinued operations; however, certain adjustments are made keeping in view how transactions between
continuing or discontinued operations will be reflected in continuing operations going forward.

Cash flows from discontinued operations are included in the consolidated statement of cash flows and are disclosed separately
in Note 14.

Additional disclosures are provided in Note 14. All other notes to the financial statements include amounts for continuing
operations, unless indicated otherwise.

4.25 Cost of revenue and operating expenses
The Group recognizes the expenses under following categories based on the nature of expenses:

• Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue represents the cost incurred by the Group and directly attributable for fulfilling its service and obligations with
respect to its contract with customers.

• Selling and marketing expenses
Selling and marketing expenses comprise of all costs for selling, marketing and transportation of the Group’s products and include
expenses for advertising, marketing fees, other sales related expenses.

• General and Administration expenses
Administrative expenses include direct and indirect costs not specifically part of either cost of revenue or selling and marketing
expenses.




                                                                35
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, the management of the Group are required to
make judgements about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the accompanying disclosures that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the
estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods.

5.1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS
5.1.1 Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options and assessing substitution rights –
Group as lessee

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to
extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is
reasonably certain not to be exercised.

The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or
terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal
or termination. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in the
circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate the
contract.
While assessing at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease, the Group consider whether the supplier has the
practical ability to substitute the assets throughout the period of use and the supplier would benefit economically from the
exercise of its right to substitute the asset. If the supplier has substantive substitution right, then the arrangement is not considered
as a lease.

5.1.2 Arrangements with multiple deliverables
In revenue arrangements where more than one good or service is provided to the customer, customer consideration is allocated
between the goods and services using relative standalone selling prices principles. The Group generally determines the
standalone selling prices of distinct performance obligations based on prices at which the deliverable is regularly sold on a
standalone basis. Revision to the estimates of these standalone selling prices may significantly affect the allocation of total
arrangement consideration among the individual elements.




                                                                   36
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS(CONTINUED)
5.1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
5.1.3 Recognition of digital banking operations’ client assets
The determination of whether the Group has control over customer funds or if they are being held in merely a fiduciary capacity
requires careful consideration of facts and circumstances including applicable regulatory requirements. The Group has assessed
that these assets meet the recognition criteria based on the assessment of liability of the Group towards its customers for the
funds, contractual and legal rights held by the Group in relation to these funds and the Group's rights to economic benefits from
other financial institutions where customer funds are deposited.

5.1.4 Discontinued operations
In the comparative year 2024, the management has determined that TAWAL and Digital Infrastructure for Investment (combined)
were considered as a major line of business on the basis of quantitative impact on revenue, overall profit and loss account and
usefulness of information for users of consolidated financial statements. Further, the Group has adopted a policy to consistently
apply IFRS 10 to record full gain from such transaction. For more details on discontinued operations and assets held for sale and
discontinued operation (Note 14.1).


5.2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
5.2.1 Impairment of non-financial assets
An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair
value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The fair value less costs of disposal calculation is based on available data from
binding sales transactions, conducted at arm’s length for similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
disposing of the asset. The value in use calculation is based on a discounted cash flow (DCF) model. The cash flows are derived
usually from the budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or
significant future investments that will enhance the asset’s performance of the CGU being tested. The recoverable amount is most
sensitive to the discount rate used for the DCF model as well as the expected future cash-inflows and the growth rate used for
extrapolation purposes.


5.2.2 Useful lives for property and equipment, software and other intangible assets
The annual depreciation and amortization charge is sensitive to the estimated lives allocated to each type of asset. Asset lives are
assessed annually and changed where necessary to reflect current circumstances in light of technological change, network
investment plans and physical conditions of the assets concerned.




                                                                 37
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS(CONTINUED)
5.2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (Continued)
5.2.3 Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate expected credit loss on trade receivables and contract assets.
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group calibrates the matrix to adjust
the historical loss experience with forward looking information. At the end of each
reporting date, the Group updates its historical default rates and reflects that in future estimates.
The Group recognizes an allowance for impairment loss of 100% against all trade receivables that are aged over 365 days, except
for balances with related parties and balances still collectable where credit quality did not deteriorate based on historical
experience of the Group.

For government, related parties and key private customers, the Group estimates the loss allowance based on the internal
assessment to evaluate the collectability of the balances and such assessment is done based on the available information and
negotiations underway. An estimate of the collectible amount is made when collection of the amount is no longer probable. For
certain customer categories, this estimate is performed on an individual basis while other customer categories are assessed
collectively and an allowance is applied according to the length of time past due.


5.2.4 Fair value measurement of financial instruments
When the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position
cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including
the discounted cash flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where
this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such
as liquidity risk, credit risk and market volatility.


5.2.5 Evaluation on control/non-control over an investee
The Group may consider that it controls an investee even though it owns 50% or less of the voting rights. This would be the case
where the Group has power over the investee through its majority representation on the Board and has the right to appoint Key
Management Personnel which gives the Group the ability to use its power over the investee to direct decisions and relevant
activities and affect its returns.

Further, the Group may consider that it does not control an investee even though it has voting rights equal to or in excess of 50%.
This would be the case where the Group either has an insignificant influence or has significant influence but does not have control
over the investee.


5.2.6 Fair value measurements – retained interest in partially sold subsidiaries
In the comparative year 2024, the Group measured the retained interest in its partially sold subsidiaries (TAWAL and Digital
Infrastructure for Investment Company) at fair value (Note 14.1). This is considered as a non-recurring fair value measurement by
the Group, as these associates currently accounted for using the equity method of accounting as associates in accordance with
the requirements of IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. In estimating the fair value of the retained interest, the
Group applied the discounted cash flow valuation technique with weighted average cost of capital of (9%- 10%), terminal growth
rate of (2.3%-2.5%), and 5% fair value adjustments to consider the discount of lack of controls.




                                                                  38
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6.SUBSIDIARIES

Subsidiaries owned directly by the Company are as follows:

Name of subsidiary                                             Country of incorporation     Effective shareholding percentage
                                                                                          31 December 2025    31 December 2024
Arabian Internet and Communications Services
Company (Solutions)                                     (1)    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia        79.64%                 80%
Telecom Commercial Investment Company Limited
(TCIC)                                                  (2)    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
stc Bahrain BSC (c) (stc Bahrain)                       (3)    Kingdom of Bahrain              100%                 100%
Aqalat Limited Company (Aqalat)                         (4)    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Public Telecommunications Company (Specialized)         (5)    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
stc Turkey Holding Ltd (stc Turkey)                     (6)    British Virgin Islands          100%                 100%
stc Asia Telecom Holding Ltd (stc Asia)                 (7)    British Virgin Islands          100%                 100%
stc Gulf Investment Holding (stc Gulf)                  (8)    Kingdom of Bahrain              100%                 100%
Gulf Digital Media Model Company Ltd (GDMM)
(Intigral)                                              (9)    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Saudi Telecom Channels Company (Channels)               (10)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Kuwait Telecommunications Company
(stc Kuwait)                                            (11)   State of Kuwait                 51.84%               51.84%

STC Bank                                                (12)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia        92.26%                87.73%
Smart Zone Real Estate Company                          (13)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Advanced Technology and Cybersecurity Company
(sirar)                                                 (14)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
stc GCC Cables System W.L.L.                            (15)   Kingdom of Bahrain              100%                 100%
Sendouk Al-Abatakar for Investment (Tali)               (16)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Digital Centers for Data and Telecommunications
(Center3)                                               (17)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia         100%                 100%
Internet of Things Information Technology Company
(iot2)                                                  (18)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia          50%                  50%
General Cloud Computing Company for Information
Technology (SCCC)                                       (19)   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia          55%                  55%
Green Bridge Investment (GBI)                           (20) Luxembourg                        100%                 100%
Green Bridge Management (GBM)                           (21)   Luxembourg                      100%                 100%




                                                               39
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6. SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

1.   Solutions was established in April 2002 and is engaged in providing internet services, operation of communications projects
     and transmission and processing of information in the Saudi market. In December 2007, the Group acquired 100% of the share
     capital of Solutions.
     In September 2021, the Group completed the initial public offering “IPO” for 20% of its shareholding in Solutions in the Saudi
     Stock Exchange Market and 1% of the share capital of Solutions was allocated to be granted as part of its own employees’ long-
     term incentive plan (Note 45.2).

     As at 31 December 2025, Solution’s share capital is        1,200 million (2024:   1,200 million).

     Subsidiaries owned directly by Solutions as follows:



     Name of subsidiary                                         Country of incorporation                   Shareholding percentage
                                                                                              31 December 2025             31 December 2024
     Saudi Telecom Company Solution for Information
     Technology (Owned by One Person)                                     Egypt                      100%                        100%
     Giza Systems Company                                                 Egypt                      88.19%                      88.19%
     Contact Center Company                                     Kingdom of Saudi Arabia              100%                        100%
     Amanah Tech Business Solutions Company                     Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                  70%                      70%

     Nawat Alittisalat Company                                  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia              100%                           -


2.   TCIC was established in October 2007 with the purpose of operating and maintaining telecommunication networks, organizing
     computer systems’ networks and internet networks, maintenance, operation and installation of telecommunication and
     information technology systems and programs in the Saudi market with share capital of               1 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
       1 million).


3.   stc Bahrain was established in February 2009 with the purpose of providing all mobile telecommunication services,
     international telecommunications, broadband and other related services in the Bahraini market. with share capital of BD 75
     million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: BD 75 million) equivalent to          746 million at the exchange rate as of establishment date.


     Subsidiaries owned directly by stc Bahrain as follows:



     Name of subsidiary                                         Country of incorporation                 Shareholding percentage
                                                                                              31 December 2025             31 December 2024

     stc Tech W.L.L                                                      Bahrain                     100%                        100%
     stc Pay Bahrain B.S.C. (c)                                          Bahrain                     100%                        100%
     stc Pay Bahrain Remittance B.S.C.                                   Bahrain                     100%                        100%




4.   Aqalat was established in March 2013 with the purpose of establishing, owning, investing, managing of real estate and
     contracting, and providing consulting services, and importing and exporting services to the benefit of the Company with share
     capital of      70 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:     70 million).




                                                                       40
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6. SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

5.   Specialized was established in February 2002 with the purpose of operating in the electrical business and communication
     networks, wholesale and retail trade in fixed telecommunications equipment, electrical appliances, import, marketing,
     installation and maintenance of fixed and mobile telecommunications and information technology licensed devices with share
     capital of   852 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:   252 million).


6.   stc Turkey is a limited liability company which was established under the Commercial Companies Law in the British Virgin
     Islands in April 2008. It is a special purpose vehicle established to provide services and support required in respect of
     investment activities of the Group.


     In April 2008, stc Turkey acquired 35% of Oger Telecom Limited’s (“OTL”). As of 31 December 2025, OTL liquidation has been
     completed and the liquidation process of stc Turkey has started.


7.   stc Asia is a limited liability company which was established under the Commercial Companies Law in the British Virgin Islands
     in July 2007 and is a special purpose vehicle. It owns a subsidiary (a wholly owned subsidiary) stc Malaysia Holdings Ltd (“stc
     Malaysia”), which was incorporated under the Commercial Companies Law in the British Virgin Islands.


     stc Malaysia Holding Ltd in turn holds the Group’s 25% stake in Binariang GSM Sdn Bhd (“BGSM”) (Note 8.2) that invests in
     companies operating primarily in Malaysia. The principal activity of both stc Asia and stc Malaysia is to provide services and
     support required in respect of investment activities of the Group.


8.   stc Gulf was incorporated in March 2008 and has wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Kingdom of Bahrain, as listed below. The
     primary objective of this company and its following subsidiaries is to provide services and support required in respect of
     investment activities of the Group:
     a. stc Gulf Investment Holding 1 W.L.L.
     b. stc Gulf Investment Holding 2 W.L.L.
     c. stc Gulf Investment Holding 3 W.L.L.




                                                                  41
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6. SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
9.    Intigral is a limited liability company was established in March 2002 with the purpose of providing broadcasting and media
      production services with share capital of    811 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:   811 million).


      During the fourth quarter 2025, the Company completed the integration of Intigral and relocating its operations from the United
      Arab Emirates to the Kingdom. Following Intigral integration, stc Board of Directors resolved on 22 December 2025 to finalize
      the regulatory and legal procedures related to Intigral and its subsidiaries including statutory liquidation. These procedures
      will not have material financial impact on the Group’s financial results.


10. Channels was established in January 2008 with the purpose of operating in the wholesale and retail trade of recharge card
      services, telecommunication equipment and devices, computer services, sale and re-sale of all fixed and mobile
      telecommunication services, and commercial centres’ maintenance and operation. Channels operates in the Saudi Market with
      subsidiaries in Bahrain, Oman, and Kuwait which are working in the same field with share capital of          100 million as at 31
      December 2025 (2024:     100 million).


      Subsidiaries owned directly by Channels as follows:
       Name of subsidiary                                   Country of incorporation              Shareholding percentage
                                                                                         31 December 2025          31 December 2024
       Bahrain Channels for Communication &
       Distribution L.L.C.                                           Bahrain                    100%                     100%
       Kuwait Channels                                               Kuwait                     100%                     100%
       Sale International S.P.C.                                     Oman                       100%                     100%




11.    stc Kuwait was established in July 2008 with the purpose of operating in the field of mobile services in the Kuwaiti market. stc
      Kuwait was listed as a joint stock company on the Kuwait Stock Exchange on 14 December 2014 with share capital of KD 100
      million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: KD 100 million) equivalent to   1,298 million at the exchange rate as of establishment date.


      Subsidiaries owned directly by stc Kuwait as follows:
       Name of subsidiary                                   Country of incorporation              Shareholding percentage
                                                                                         31 December 2025          31 December 2024
       Qualitynet General Trading and Contracting
       Company W.L.L.                                                Kuwait                     100%                     100%
       E-Portal Holding Company K.S.C. (Closed)                      Kuwait                     100%                     100%




                                                                   42
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6. SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

12. STC Bank, a closed joint stock company, was established in November 2017 and its main activity is to provide digital payments
   services. During 2020, Saudi Central Bank licensed it as an electronic wallet company. During the year 2021, the Council of
   Ministers approved granting STC Bank a digital banking services license to become a digital bank with share capital of                   2,500
   million.


   On 24 December 2023, STC Bank General Assembly approved the increase of STC bank’s paid-up capital to be                       3,350 million
   by converting stc shareholder loan amounting to       850 million into STC Bank’s capital increasing stc shareholding interest to
   87.73 % for which the legal formalities were completed in 2024.

   On 30 December 2024, STC bank extraordinary General Assembly (EGA) approved the increase of STC Bank’s paid-up capital to
   be    6,350 million with stc injecting an additional capital of        3,000 million increasing its shareholding interest in STC Bank
   to 92.26% for which the legal formalities were completed in 2025.


   On 28 January 2025, STC Bank received a non-objection from the Saudi Central Bank (SAMA) to commence its operations in the
   Kingdom as a digital bank.


13. Smart Zone Real Estate Company – a limited liability company was established in September 2019 and its main activity is the
   development, financing and management of real estate projects, the establishment of facilities, complexes, commercial, office
   and residential buildings with share capital of    538 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:           417 million).


14. Sirar, a limited liability company, was established in November 2020 to provide cybersecurity services with share capital of
   250 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:     250 million).


15. stc GCC Cable Systems W.L.L., a limited liability company was established in April 2021 with the purpose of the sale and
   installation of telecommunications equipment and the construction of utilities projects. stc GCC Cable Systems W.L.L. is
   wholly owned by the Group as part of the agreement to invest in a fund aimed to drive innovation in the communications and
   information technology sector in the Kingdom of Bahrain and other GCC Countries with share capital of BD 57 million as at 31
   December 2025 equivalent to       563 million (2024: BD 48 million equivalent to       477 million).


16. Tali, a limited liability company was established in August 2021 with the purpose of providing administrative services and IT and
   telecommunication support and with share capital of           412 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:       412 million).


17. Center3, a limited liability company, was established in February 2022 with the purpose of providing services related to big data,
   data analytics and cloud computing with share capital of         2,000 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:           2,000 million).


   Subsidiaries owned directly by Center3 as follows:


   Name of subsidiary                                    Country of incorporation                  Shareholding percentage
                                                                                          31 December 2025                31 December 2024

   Digital Centers for Submarine Cables *                Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                99.8%                            99.8%
   Digital Centers for Data                              Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                 100%                            99.8%
   EMC Subsea Cable Company Limited (EMC)                            Cyprus                     72.16%                          72.16%
   CMC Investments I Limited (CMC Mauritius)                        Mauritius                    100%                            100%
   Datacenter Hub W.L. L *                                           Bahrain                     90%                             90%
   CMC Network (Pty) Limited (CMC Network SA)
   (Note 7).                                                      South Africa                   70%                             49%


(*) The effective ownership for the Group in these entities is 100%.




                                                                     43
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

6. SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

18. iot2, a limited liability company, was established in May 2022 by signing a partnership agreement with the Public Investment
   Fund for the purpose of establishing a company specialized in the field of Internet of Things with share capital amounting to
   1,254 million as of 31 December 2025 (2024:    1,254 million) with 50% shareholding for each. The Group is accounting for this
   entity as a subsidiary as it has the right to appoint the majority of board of directors and key management personnel.


  Subsidiary owned directly by iot2 as follows:


   Name of subsidiary                                  Country of incorporation              Shareholding percentage
                                                                                    31 December 2025          31 December 2024

   Machines Talk for Contracting Company               Kingdom of Saudi Arabia             100%                     100%




19. SCCC, a limited liability company, was established In May 2022 by signing a shareholder agreement with eWTP Arabia
   Technology Innovation Limited Company (“eWTPA”), Alibaba (Singapore) Private Limited (“Alibaba Cloud”), Saudi Company for
   Artificial Intelligence (“SCAI”), and Saudi Information Technology Company (“SITE”) specializing in cloud computing services
   with share capital amounting to    894 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:   894 million) (Note 31.1).


20. Green Bridge Investment Company, special purpose company, was established during the third quarter of the year 2023 in
   Luxemburg to provide services and necessary support for the Group’s investing activities.


21. Green Bridge Management Company, special purpose company, was established during the third quarter of the year 2023 in
   Luxemburg to provide services and necessary support for the Group’s investing activities.




                                                                44
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

7. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
During the year 2025, Center3 increased its equity interest in CMC Network SA to 70% with purchase consideration amounted to
4.7 million, which was considered as immaterial business combination at the Group level.

The following table shows fair value of total assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date for business combinations
during the comparative year 2024:
                                                                                           Center3
                                                                                         acquisition of
                                                               iot2 acquisition              CMC
                                                                of Machines              Investments I
                                                                      Talk (1)            Limited (2)         Others (3)               Total
     ASSETS
 Property and equipment                                                       10,731               9,401                   197              20,329
 Intangible assets (4)                                                     117,744               84,750                      -            202,494
 Right of use assets                                                          1,067                       -                  -                 1,067
 Trade receivables                                                          56,726                 9,304             8,289                  74,319
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                  36,297               40,801                707                  77,805
 Inventories                                                                  19,081               1,307                     -             20,388
 Financial assets and others                                                  6,251                3,942             3,452                  13,645
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                             247,897               149,505              12,645                410,047


 LIABILITIES
     Trade and other payables                                               21,389                50,721             7,988                 80,098
     Lease liabilities                                                           1,130                    -                  -                 1,130
     Borrowings                                                             14,404               59,879                      -              74,283
     Provisions                                                               9,188                       -           1,615                 10,803
 TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                            46,111             110,600             9,603                 166,314


     Total acquired identifiable net assets at fair value                  201,786               38,905              3,042                243,733


     Non-controlling interest                                                       -                     -           (913)                    (913)
     Purchase consideration                                               568,325               227,606              23,515                819,446
     Goodwill arising on acquisition                                      366,539                188,701             21,386               576,626


1.      During the first quarter of 2024, iot2 acquired a 100% equity shareholding of Machines Talk, a company registered in the
        Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which specializes in Internet of Things solutions. The purpose of the acquisition is to expand in
        internet of things operations and related activities as part of its business strategy. During the year 2024, the purchase price
        allocation was completed.
        From the date of acquisition during the year 2024, business combination of Machines Talk has contributed                 112 million of
        revenue and        0.3 million of net profit. If the business combination had taken place at the beginning of 2024, revenue would
        have been        114 million and net profit would have been     0.4 million.

2.      During the second quarter of 2024, Center3 acquired a 100% equity shareholding of CMC Investments I Limited (CMC
        Mauritius), a company registered in the Mauritius, which specializes in resell of data connectivity services and network
        solution and clouds services. The purpose of the acquisition is to expand in Middle East and Africa markets. During the year
        2024, the purchase price allocation was completed.
        From the date of acquisition, business combination of CMC Investments I Limited has contributed           126 million of revenue and
           0.103 million of net profit. If the business combination had taken place at the beginning of 2024, revenue would have been
           214 million and net loss would have been      15 million.




                                                                         45
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

7. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
3.   During the second quarter of 2024, one of Solutions’ subsidiaries acquired 70% equity shareholding of Logical Application for
     Business Solutions Company, a company registered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The purpose of the acquisition is to expand
     the Group service offerings. The purchase consideration included an amount of             2.02 million as contingent consideration
     and     6.08 million as deferred consideration.

     From the date of acquisition during the year 2024, business combination of Logical Application for Business Solutions
     Company has contributed       14.5 million of revenue and   2.8 million of net loss. If the business combination had taken place
     at the beginning of 2024, revenue would have been       29 million and net profit would have been      0.14 million. During the year
     2025, the purchase price allocation was completed.

4.   Includes intangible assets arising from Center 3 acquisition of CMC Investments I Limited and from iot 2 acquisition of
     Machines Talks as follows:


                                                                       Center 3
                                                                   acquisition of
                                           iot2 acquisition of   CMC Investments
 Intangible assets from acquisition         Machines Talks             I Limited                        Valuation approach

 Brand name                                                  -                20,625       Relief from royalty method (RFR)
 Customer relationship                                 47,500                  61,875      Multiperiod excess earnings method (MEEM)
 Customer Contract                                     32,300                      2,250   Multiperiod excess earnings method (MEEM)
 Computer software and system                           17,400                         -   Relief from royalty method (RFR)
 Platforms                                             20,544                          -   Replacement Cost Method
 Total                                                 117,744                84,750

Acquisition related costs amounted to     24.3 million were recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss within general
and administration expenses for the year 2024.




                                                                  46
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8.INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
8.1 Investments in associates
Investments in all associates are accounted for in the Group's consolidated financial statements in accordance with the equity
method.

8.1.1 Details of associates
The Group’s associates at the end of the year are as follows:

 Name of Associates                                       Country of incorporation           Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                                       31 December 2025          31 December 2024
 Digital Infrastructure for Investment Company
 (DIIC)                                               1   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia            43.06 %                   43.06 %
 Arab Satellite Communications Organisation
 (Arabsat)                                            2   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia            36.66%                    36.66%
 Beyond One Saudi for Telecommunications LLC
 (Beyond One)                                         3   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia              10%                       10%
 Devoteam Middle East (DME)                           4     United Arab Emirates               40%                       40%
 Others                                               5                -                        -                         -


1)   DIIC was established in September 2023. The principal activity of DIIC is to invest in subsidiaries as a holding company. The
     activities of its subsidiaries include providing wholesale services for infrastructure, including within the scope of its services
     and the establishment, operation and provision of tower rental services. In February 2025 the Group contributed its entire
     ownership in Telecommunication Towers Company (Tawal) (Formerly a Group subsidiary) (Note 14.1) to DIIC in exchange for the
     issuance of new shares resulting to the following ownership of DIIC:

      Shareholder                                                                      Ownership interest
      PIF                                                                                    54.38%
      stc                                                                                    43.06%
      Others                                                                                  2.56%
                                                                                              100%

2)   Arabsat was established in April 1976 by the members of the League of Arab States. Arabsat offers a number of services to
     these member states, as well as to all public and private sectors within its coverage area, and principally in the Middle East.
     Current services offered include: Regional telephony (voice, data, fax and telex), television broadcasting, regional radio
     broadcasting, restoration services and leasing of capacity. In April 1999, Saudi Telecom Company acquired 36.66% of Arabsat’s
     share capital.

3)   Beyond One Saudi for Telecommunications LLC (formerly, Virgin Mobile Saudi Consortium), was established during the year
     2013 as a mobile virtual network operator and started its operations during the year of 2014. The Company owns 10% of Beyond
     One’s share capital. The Group’s ability to exercise significant influence is evidenced by the reliance of Beyond One on the
     Company’s technical network.

4)   Devoteam Middle East is a leading IT consulting company in the Middle East, specializing in digital transformation, cyber and
     cloud solutions, and business process optimization. It was established in December 2003 and the Group (through Solutions)
     acquired 40% of its ownership.

5)   “Others” include immaterial associates to the Group owned indirectly through the Group’s subsidiaries.




                                                                  47
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
8.1 Investments in associates (continued)
8.1.2 Financial information of material associates (continued)

Summarized financial information of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

      A.     DIIC                                                                         31 December 2025       31 December 2024

Statement of financial position
Current assets                                                                                     5,175,813              3,982,926
Non-current assets                                                                                21,419,592             20,547,689
Current liabilities                                                                              (9,414,298)             (7,460,359)
Non-current liabilities                                                                          (8,424,738)              (9,611,873)


                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                  2024

Statement of income and other comprehensive income
Revenue                                                                                            4,898,981              3,848,482
Net profit                                                                                          674,749                1,078,818
Amortization of fair value adjustments and others                                                  (174,948)                         -
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   535,797                (140,696)
Total comprehensive income                                                                         1,035,598                  938,122
The Group’s share in net profit less amortization of fair value adjustments and others               115,599                      - (*)

(*) TAWAL and DIIC were consolidated for the full year 2024 till the disposal date as discontinued operations.

The following is the reconciliation of the above-summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the Group's interest
in DIIC.
                                                                                         31 December 2025        31 December 2024


Net assets of the associate (including goodwill)                                                  8,756,369              7,458,383
Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in DIIC (43.06%)                                     3,770,492               3,211,580
Goodwill and fair value adjustments (**)                                                           4,651,914              4,864,514
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest                                                           8,422,406              8,076,094

(**) In the year 2024, the carrying amount of the investment in DIIC was recognized provisionally pending completion of the purchase
price allocation (PPA). During the year 2025, the Group finalized the PPA, and allocated the provisional balance between
identifiable net assets and goodwill accordingly. The adjustment has been recorded as of the acquisition date (31 December 2024)
with no change to the total carrying amount of the investment at that date. As at 31 December 2025, goodwill amounting to        535
million (2024: provisional goodwill amounted to     4,864 million).
Adjustments to the provisional amount primarily relates to recognition of customer contracts intangible assets and change in the
fair value of property and equipment. Key assumptions used in the valuation of intangible assets include discount rate of around
11% to 11.3% and tower lease renewal profiles for customer contracts. For property and equipment, key assumptions used mainly
include the application of the replacement cost method to passive tower infrastructure reflecting the estimated cost to construct
assets of equivalent utility at current market rates and consideration of depreciated replacement cost.
The Group’s net share in results of investments in associates for the year ended 31 December 2025, includes the effect of
amortization of the fair value adjustments recognized through the equity method.




                                                                  48
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
8.1 Investments in associates (continued)
8.1.2        Financial information of material associates (continued)
        B.    Arabsat                                                                31 December 2025 (*)      31 December 2024(*)

Statement of financial position
Current assets                                                                                   1,759,035                 1,585,726

Non-current assets                                                                              3,429,497                  3,547,921

Current liabilities                                                                              (392,913)                (388,063)

Non-current liabilities                                                                         (1,125,269)              (1,228,807)


                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025 (*)                2024 (*)

Statement of income and other comprehensive income
Revenue                                                                                           748,979                    790,059

Net profit - including prior year adjustments                                                        105,797                    94,427

Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                    78,682                  (34,552)

Total comprehensive income                                                                           184,479                    59,875

The Group’s share in net profit                                                                      38,785                     34,617


(*) The Group recorded its share in Arabsat results based on the latest available financial information.


The following is the reconciliation of the above-summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the Group's interest
in Arabsat:
                                                                                       31 December 2025        31 December 2024


Net assets of the associate                                                                      3,670,350                 3,516,776
Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Arabsat                                              36.66%                     36.66%
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Arabsat                                               1,345,550                 1,289,250


8.1.3 Financial information on not individually material associates
The following is the aggregate information of associates that are not individually material for the year ended 31 December:

                                                                                              2025                    2024


The Group’s share in net profit                                                                      34,747                      21,124


Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these associates                            382,503                    355,859




                                                                 49
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
8.1.4 Carrying amount of the Group’s investment in associates:
The following is the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in associates as at 31 December:


                                                                                                  2025                     2024


 Material associates (8.1.2)                                                                            9,767,956               9,365,344
 Not individually material associates (8.1.3)                                                            382,503                  355,859
 Total carrying amount of the Group’s interest in associates                                         10,150,459                  9,721,203


8.2 Investments in joint ventures
Investments in all joint ventures mentioned below are accounted for in the Group's consolidated financial statements in
accordance with the equity method.


8.2.1 Details of joint ventures
Below is the detail of joint ventures as at:


Name of joint venture                                       Country of incorporation            Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                                           31 December 2025          31 December 2024
 Arab Submarine Cables Company Limited                  1   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia               50%                      50%
 Binariang GSM Sdn Bhd (“BGSM”)                         2          Malaysia                       25%                      25%
 Integrated Data Company for Information and
 Technology                                             3   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia               39%                      39%

 Others                                                 4                 -                         -                       -


1)   Arab Submarine Cables Company Limited was established on September 2002 for the purpose of constructing, leasing,
     managing and operating a submarine cable connecting the Kingdom and the Republic of Sudan for the telecommunications
     between them and any other country. The operations of the Company started in June 2003 and Saudi Telecom Company
     acquired 50% of its       75 million share capital in September 2002. In November 2016, the company's capital was reduced to
     25 million.

2)   BGSM is an investment holding group registered in Malaysia which owns 62% of Maxis Malaysian Holding Group (“Maxis”), a
     major telecom operator in Malaysia.

     During the year 2007, the Company acquired (through its subsidiaries stc Asia holding and stc Malaysia holding) 25% of BGSM’s
     MYR 20.7 billion share capital, equivalent to approximately        23 billion at the exchange rate as at that date.

     During the year 2013, the Company conducted a review of its foreign investment in BGSM (joint venture), including the manner
     in which this investment was being managed and how joint control had been effectively exercised. As a result, the Company
     signed an amendment to the shareholders’ agreement with other shareholders of BGSM with respect to certain operational
     matters of Aircel (one of Binariang group subsidiaries at that time). Consequently, the group ceased to account for its
     investment in Aircel using the equity method effective from the second quarter of 2013.

3)   During the second quarter of 2023, Integrated Data Company for Information and Technology was established in the Kingdom
     of Saudi Arabia as a joint venture among the Company (39%), Etihad Etisalat Company (30%) and Mobile Telecommunication
     Saudi Company (31%) with share capital of      22 million. This entity provides various services including demographic analyses,
     population statistics, data on population size, as well as traffic and transportation statistics, public road routes, and parking
     information.

4)   “Others” include immaterial joint ventures to the Group owned indirectly through the Group’s subsidiaries.




                                                                   50
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
8.2.2 Financial information of material joint ventures
Summarized financial information in respect of the Group’s material joint venture is set out below:


BGSM                                                                                 31 December 2025             31 December 2024
Statement of financial position
Current assets                                                                                 3,673,648                     2,874,023
Non-current assets                                                                            27,757,406                   25,756,493
Current liabilities                                                                           (7,160,016)                  (5,425,356)
Non-current liabilities                                                                     (12,404,489)                   (12,898,575)


The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
                                                                                     31 December 2025             31 December 2024


Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       1,272,178                       986,992
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
provisions)                                                                                   (2,620,192)                   (1,367,438)
Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
provisions)                                                                                   (9,791,048)                 (10,550,690)


                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                         2024

Statement of income and other comprehensive income
Revenues                                                                                       9,624,256                       9,013,775
Net profit                                                                                        901,445                        537,511
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                 24,042                         (9,920)
Total comprehensive income                                                                        925,487                       527,591


Depreciation and amortization                                                                 (1,778,105)                  (1,784,495)
Finance income                                                                                     46,369                        45,559
Finance cost                                                                                    (824,112)                    (806,824)
Income tax expense                                                                             (440,932)                       (349,628)


Net profit after non-controlling interests                                                        413,932                       164,016
The Group’s share in net profit                                                                   103,483                        41,004
Impairment provision recorded at Group level (*)                                                        -                      (763,962)
The Group’s share in net profit (loss) after impairment                                           103,483                      (722,958)


(*) During the comparative year 2024, the Group recorded an impairment provision amounting to               764 million related to its
investment in BGSM as a result of the decline in market conditions of key underlying investment. The Group determined the
recoverable amount of its investment in BGSM based on the fair value less cost of disposal method. The fair value measurement is
considered at level 2 in the fair value hierarchy due to significant observable valuation inputs. During the year 2025, there was no
impairment recorded.




                                                                 51
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

8. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
8.2 Investments in joint ventures (continued)
8.2.2 Financial information of material joint ventures (continued)
The following is the reconciliation of the above summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the Group's interest in
Binariang GSM Sdn Bhd (“BGSM”):

                                                                                  31 December 2025           31 December 2024
Net assets of BGSM (excluding non-controlling interest share)                                1,150,128                      173,473


Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in the joint venture                               287,532                      43,368
Adjustments: the carve-out of Aircel Group and others                                        3,486,011                    3,486,857
Goodwill and fair value adjustments                                                         1,352,070                     1,352,070
Accumulated impairment                                                                     (2,367,423)                 (2,367,423)
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in the joint venture                                 2,758,190                     2,514,872




8.2.3 Financial information of not individually material joint ventures
The following is the aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material for the year ended 31 December:


                                                                                         2025                      2024
The Group’s share of net profit                                                                   2,546                      1,304
The Group’s share of other comprehensive loss                                                      (99)                        108
The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                                   2,447                       1,412


Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these joint ventures                       26,988                     23,581




8.2.4 Carrying amount of the Group's investment in the joint ventures
The following is the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in joint ventures as at 31 December:

                                                                                         2025                      2024


Material joint venture (8-2-2)                                                               2,758,190                    2,514,872
Not individually material joint ventures (8-2-3)                                                 26,988                     23,581

Total carrying amount of the Group's share in the joint ventures                             2,785,178                 2,538,453




                                                                52
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

9. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group is engaged mainly in providing telecommunication services and related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues,
income and assets relate to its operations within the Kingdom. Outside of the Kingdom, the Group operates through its subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures in several countries.

Revenue is distributed to an operating segment based on the entity of the Group reporting the revenue. Sales between segments
are calculated at normal business transaction prices.


The disclosed operating segments exceeded the 75% of total external Group revenue.


The following is an analysis of the Group's revenues and results from continuing operations based on segments for the year
ended 31 December:


                                                                                            2025                      2024
 Revenues (1)
 stc                                                                                          51,119,024               49,643,893
 Channels                                                                                     14,085,195                 15,110,606
 Solutions                                                                                    12,730,189                12,063,897
 stc Kuwait                                                                                    4,179,842                 4,105,483
 stc Bahrain                                                                                   1,967,830                  1,927,967
 Center 3                                                                                      1,961,666                     1,911,716
 STC Bank                                                                                      1,401,027                  1,261,646
 Sirar                                                                                          826,545                      732,675
 Specialized                                                                                    355,306                      371,763
 iot2                                                                                            321,668                     301,434
 SCCC                                                                                           303,969                      187,904
 Other operating segments     (2)
                                                                                                   65,059                    729,345
 Eliminations / adjustments                                                                 (11,498,645)               (12,454,916)
 Total revenues                                                                               77,818,675                75,893,413
 Cost of operations (excluding depreciation, amortization, and impairment)   (3)
                                                                                           (53,349,240)                (51,942,298)
 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment                                                  (10,031,171)               (9,525,477)
 Cost of early retirement program                                                              (823,801)                (2,577,256)
 Finance income                                                                                1,276,442                  1,717,851
 Finance cost                                                                                 (1,125,361)               (1,233,679)
 Net other income (expenses)                                                                        7,042                    (61,263)
 Net share in results and impairment of investments in associates
 and joint ventures                                                                              295,160                  (665,913)
 Net other gains                                                                                654,896                   529,069
 Zakat and income tax                                                                           466,436                  (1,191,564)
 Net profit from continuing operations                                                        15,189,078                10,942,883




                                                                53
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

9. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Following is the gross profit from continuing operations analysis on a segment basis:


                                                                                        2025             2024

 stc (3)                                                                                 30,628,607        31,178,645
 Channels                                                                                 3,429,410        3,365,489
 Solutions                                                                                2,932,415        2,981,285
 stc Kuwait                                                                               2,139,245        2,019,660
 stc Bahrain                                                                              1,008,601         949,684
 Center 3                                                                                      818,319          747,048
 STC Bank                                                                                   724,914         344,985
 Sirar                                                                                      283,341             268,317
 Specialized                                                                                   135,410          185,327
 iot2                                                                                           71,617          88,538
 SCCC                                                                                          78,538           (18,539)
 Other operating segments (2)                                                                  34,055       505,609
 Eliminations / adjustments                                                             (4,584,783)       (5,290,124)
 Gross profit                                                                            37,699,689       37,325,924




                                                               54
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

9. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
The following is an analysis of the assets and liabilities on a segment basis as at:
                                                                                       31 December 2025     31 December 2024

Assets
Stc                                                                                          152,076,841           156,834,703
Channels                                                                                       5,942,466            6,630,062
Solutions                                                                                     12,916,946           12,040,098
stc Kuwait                                                                                     5,847,775             5,625,147
stc Bahrain                                                                                    3,819,009            5,407,890
Center 3                                                                                       11,048,281           8,898,370
STC Bank                                                                                       9,342,649            6,632,946
Sirar                                                                                           1,152,678             918,340
Specialized                                                                                    1,758,740              808,914
iot2                                                                                             973,109              1,117,162
SCCC                                                                                           1,145,723             1,198,802
Other operating segments (2)                                                                  16,874,844            16,753,951
Eliminations / adjustments                                                                  (65,422,392)          (62,228,242)
Total assets                                                                                 157,476,669           160,638,143


Liabilities
Stc                                                                                            51,660,411           51,268,062
Channels                                                                                       4,675,065            5,399,090
Solutions                                                                                      8,589,796             8,010,472
stc Kuwait                                                                                     2,923,594            2,698,686
stc Bahrain                                                                                    2,052,909             3,742,790
Center 3                                                                                       9,019,872             6,821,343
STC Bank                                                                                       6,645,246             3,491,948
Sirar                                                                                           703,884               553,200
Specialized                                                                                      992,818              750,819
iot2                                                                                             230,127              222,052
SCCC                                                                                           1,142,735              972,378
Other operating segments (2)                                                                   12,716,151           12,326,767
Eliminations / adjustments                                                                  (30,262,279)           (28,104,511)
Total liabilities                                                                             71,090,329            68,153,096




                                                                  55
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

9. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
Additions to property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill

Following are the additions to property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill (Notes 10 and 12) based on the segments :


                                                                                                  2025                     2024


Stc                                                                                                 10,453,047                     9,319,471
Channels                                                                                                 159,646                    161,576
Solutions                                                                                                239,712                    276,738
stc Kuwait                                                                                               650,531                    477,791
stc Bahrain                                                                                              173,231                   209,587
Center 3                                                                                             1,653,630                 2,737,544
STC Bank                                                                                                 121,630                     92,106
Sirar                                                                                                      5,596                     29,462
Specialized                                                                                              546,841                    175,706
iot    2
                                                                                                         34,455                    526,648
SCCC                                                                                                      72,379                     11,334
Other operating segments (2)                                                                             47,795                     586,772
Eliminations / adjustments                                                                           (343,253)                (1,479,456)
                                                                                                    13,815,240                 13,125,279


 (1)       Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external and internal customers. There were
           11,499 million of inter-segment sales and adjustments (Between the Group’s companies mainly stc, Solutions and
           Channels) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:          12,455 million) which were eliminated at consolidation.
 (2)       Other operating segments include the following subsidiaries: Gulf Digital Media Model Company Ltd (“GDMM”)
           (“Intigral”), Aqalat Limited (“Aqalat”), Smart Zone Real Estate, stc Gulf Investment Holding (“stc Gulf”), stc GCC Cable
           Systems W.L.L., Sendouk Al-Abatakar for Investment (Tali), stc Asia Liminted Holding, stc Turkey Limited Holding (under
           liquidation), Green Bridge Investment (“GBI”) and Green Bridge Management (“GBM”), and Telecom Commercial
           Investment Company Limited (“TCIC”). Decrease in other segments are mainly due to the integration of Intigral’s
           operations during the year 2025 (Note 6).
 (3)       Cost of revenues for the year ended 31 December 2024 includes a non-recurring item that represents a reversal of a
           withholding tax provision amounting to       1,500 million. (Note 35)

Information about major customers
Included in revenues arising from sales to major customers are revenues of approximately             11,298 million for the year ended 31
December 2025 (2024:       11,145 million) resulting from sales to Government entities (Note 21.2). No other single customers
contributed 10% or more to the Group's revenues.

Information about geographical segmentation
Geographical segmentation of revenues from continuing operations (Note 34) and non-current assets excluding financial
instruments and deferred tax assets are as follows:

                                              Revenues from continuing operations                Non-current assets excluding financial
                                                          for the year ended                    instruments and deferred tax assets as at

                                           31 December 2025            31 December 2024         31 December 2025        31 December 2024
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                             68,528,797                     67,070,126            67,740,726                 63,679,059
Outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                    9,289,878                   8,823,287              10,332,811                  9,135,593
                                                    77,818,675                     75,893,413            78,073,537                  72,814,652




                                                                    56
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                        Telecommunication
                                                      Lands and            network and                             Capital work
                                                      buildings (1)         equipment          Other assets (2)     In progress       Total
    Cost
    As at 1 January 2025                                  15,674,757             107,228,251          9,629,809         3,829,207     136,362,024
    Additions                                                  90,710                94,452             138,210          7,911,765      8,235,137
    Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                   2,016                 5,010               2,872                   -           9,898
    Disposals                                              (368,934)             (2,603,565)          (226,745)              (520)    (3,199,764)
    Transfers / reclassifications                          2,297,657              4,120,670             541,984        (6,830,846)       129,465
    Effect of foreign currency exchange differences               719                 3,664                (808)              770             4,345
    As at 31 December 2025                                17,696,925            108,848,482          10,085,322          4,910,376    141,541,105


    Accumulated depreciation and impairment
    As at 1 January 2025                                   9,132,825             79,098,531           6,616,435                   -    94,847,791
    Depreciation and impairment                              475,018              5,481,822            496,503                    -    6,453,343
    Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                     486                  2,601               1,217                  -           4,304
    Disposals                                              (330,856)             (2,482,471)          (194,496)                   -   (3,007,823)
    Transfers / reclassifications                             139,619             (242,705)              55,746                   -      (47,340)
    Effect of foreign currency exchange differences               173                 3,488                 834                   -           4,495
    As at 31 December 2025                                 9,417,265              81,861,266          6,976,239                   -   98,254,770


  Net book value as at 31 December 2025                    8,279,660             26,987,216           3,109,083          4,910,376    43,286,335




                                                                         57
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         Telecommunication
                                                                        Lands and                            network and                                Capital work
                                                                        buildings (1)                         equipment           Other assets (2)      In progress          Total
   Cost
   As at 1 January 2024                                                           15,515,754                        113,192,145            9,407,558           3,536,576     141,652,033
   Additions                                                                            182,530                         117,712                80,811           7,964,105      8,345,158
   Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries (Note 7)                                          -                       60,248                 39,970                    -        100,218
   Disposals                                                                         (219,652)                      (1,378,337)             (154,427)            (39,975)     (1,792,391)
   Transfers/ Reclassifications                                                         365,635                      5,993,017              339,660            (7,225,412)     (527,100)
   Effect of disposal of subsidiaries (Note 14.1)                                    (164,927)                    (10,685,084)               (74,422)           (405,154)    (11,329,587)
   Effect of foreign currency exchange differences                                      (4,583)                       (71,450)                (9,341)               (933)       (86,307)
   As at 31 December 2024                                                         15,674,757                       107,228,251             9,629,809           3,829,207     136,362,024

   Accumulated depreciation and impairment
   As at 1 January 2024                                                              8,917,103                     77,737,944              6,295,645                    -    92,950,692
   Depreciation and impairment                                                       408,834                        5,820,233                461,030                    -     6,690,097
   Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries (Note 7)                                          -                       50,909                 28,980                    -        79,889
   Disposals                                                                         (168,930)                      (1,206,707)             (134,992)                   -     (1,510,629)
   Transfers/ Reclassifications                                                          (3,683)                       (12,644)               (5,915)                   -       (22,242)
   Effect of disposal of subsidiaries (Note 14.1)                                       (19,358)                   (3,258,954)               (24,372)                   -    (3,302,684)
   Effect of foreign currency exchange differences                                        (1,141)                     (32,250)                (3,941)                   -       (37,332)
   As at 31 December 2024                                                            9,132,825                     79,098,531              6,616,435                    -     94,847,791


   Net book value as at 31 December 2024                                             6,541,932                      28,129,720             3,013,374           3,829,207      41,514,233

(*) Comparative figures include movements related to disposed discontinued operations.

Property and equipment are depreciated using the following estimated useful lives:

       Buildings                                                         25 - 50 years
       Telecommunication network and equipment                           3 - 30 years
       Other assets                                                      2- 20 years




                                                                                                    58
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

1)   Lands and buildings include lands with a total value of     1,996 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:   1,835 million). This
     includes land with ongoing ownership transfer to the Company with a value of      73 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
     94 million).


2)   Other assets include furniture, fixtures, motor vehicles, computers and tools.


3)   The following table shows the breakdown of depreciation and impairment expense if allocated to operating cost items from
     continuing operations for the year ended 31 December:

                                                                                           2025                     2024


 Cost of revenues                                                                             4,934,583                 5,079,151
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                                   18,473                     9,929
 General and administrative expenses                                                           1,132,370                1,115,929
                                                                                              6,085,426                6,205,009




11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                        Lands            Work in progress            Total


 As at 1 January 2025                                                      334,855                 672,717              1,007,572
 Additions                                                                        -                138,175                 138,175
 Borrowing cost capitalized                                                       -                35,520                   35,520
 Transfers                                                                (297,586)                (19,615)              (317,201)
 As at 31 December 2025                                                     37,269                826,797                  864,066


 As at 1 January 2024                                                      348,647                 453,088                 801,735
 Additions                                                                        -                190,240                 190,240
 Borrowing cost capitalized                                                       -                 29,389                   29,389
 Transfers                                                                  (13,792)                       -                (13,792)
 As at 31 December 2024                                                    334,855                  672,717              1,007,572


The fair value of the lands amounted to    331 million (2024:   1,545 million), valued by RAWAJ Real Estate Valuation license no.
1210000062 and First Valuator license no. 1210000221 appointed as an independent, professionally qualified valuers accredited by
the Saudi Authority for Accredited Valuers (Taqeem). The fair value measurement is classified within level 3 based on valuation
techniques applied (residual value method, comparable method, and discounted cash flow method).




                                                                59
 Saudi Telecom Company
 A Saudi Joint Stock Company

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
 (All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

 12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
                                                          Computer         Telecommunication                               Contractual                          Projects
                                                          Software             licenses             Goodwill (1)        intangible assets       Others         In progress       Total
Cost
As at 1 January 2025 (after reclassification – note 48)     16,018,303                9,261,941         1,098,913                 4,388,051        395,742         1,932,287     33,095,237
Additions                                                     216,495                2,395,192                      -               104,378         46,216         2,781,079      5,543,360
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                        1,455                         -            13,601                     6,103        10,388                   -           31,547
Disposals                                                    (310,052)                 (79,022)                     -                       -              -                 -     (389,074)
Transfers / reclassifications                                2,194,574                         -                    -                53,765         53,694        (2,273,927)            28,106
Effect of foreign currency exchange differences                      195                   724              3,740                       894          2,541                   -           8,094
As at 31 December 2025                                      18,120,970               11,578,835          1,116,254                 4,553,191       508,581         2,439,439      38,317,270


Accumulated amortization and impairment
As at 1 January 2025 (after reclassification – note 48)     10,508,370                5,011,701            24,895                 2,299,541         87,998                   -    17,932,505
Amortization and impairment                                  2,286,096                 704,410              41,102                  355,945         59,598                   -     3,447,151
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                         398                          -                    -                       -              -                 -             398
Disposals                                                    (309,999)                 (79,022)                     -                       -              -                 -     (389,021)
Effect of foreign currency exchange differences                      84                    425                     16                   259              285                 -            1,069
As at 31 December 2025                                      12,484,949               5,637,514             66,013                 2,655,745         147,881                  -    20,992,102


Net book value as at 31 December 2025                        5,636,021                5,941,321         1,050,241                 1,897,446        360,700         2,439,439      17,325,168




                                                                                                   60
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

                                                     Computer             Telecommunication                                   Contractual intangible                        Projects
                                                     software                 licenses                     Goodwill (1)              assets              Others           In progress        Total
Cost
As at 1 January 2024                                     14,941,139                      9,246,486             2,853,432                    5,205,012        259,041            1,348,211    33,853,321
Additions                                                  360,186                          97,186                        -                  662,588               736        3,567,875       4,688,571
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries (Note 7)                -                              -               576,626                      32,300         158,352             20,694         787,972
Disposals                                                (1,610,251)                      (79,964)                        -                   (6,732)                -                   -   (1,696,947)
Transfers / reclassifications                            2,513,850                               -                        -                  572,698              2,721      (2,967,562)         121,707
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries (Note 14.1)            (185,723)                            (99)          (2,296,590)                   (2,001,149)               -          (36,949)     (4,520,510)
Effect of foreign currency exchange differences               (898)                         (1,668)             (34,555)                     (76,666)        (25,108)                   18     (138,877)
As at 31 December 2024                                  16,018,303                        9,261,941            1,098,913                   4,388,051        395,742            1,932,287     33,095,237


Accumulated amortization and impairment
As at 1 January 2024                                    10,344,665                       4,546,375                38,426                    1,882,337         40,147                     -   16,851,950
Amortization and impairment                               1,871,238                       528,635                         -                   541,225        39,399                      -    2,980,497
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries (Note 7)                -                              -                        -                         -          8,852                     -        8,852
Disposals                                                (1,601,944)                      (79,097)                        -                         -                -                   -   (1,681,041)
Transfers / reclassifications                              (27,465)                         16,654                        -                   (9,395)          4,333                     -      (15,873)
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries (Note 14.1)             (77,800)                            (66)              (13,464)                    (64,551)                -                   -     (155,881)
Effect of foreign currency exchange differences               (324)                          (800)                   (67)                    (50,075)        (4,733)                     -     (55,999)
As at 31 December 2024                                  10,508,370                        5,011,701               24,895                    2,299,541         87,998                     -   17,932,505


Net book value as at 31 December 2024                    5,509,933                       4,250,240              1,074,018                  2,088,510        307,744            1,932,287      15,162,732


(*) Comparative figures include movements related to disposed discontinued operations.




                                                                                                      61
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

   1)   Goodwill Consists of:
    -    Goodwill resulted from the Company’s acquisition of Solutions amounting to            75.6 million (2024:     75.6 million).
    -    Goodwill resulted from stc Kuwait’s investments in Kuwait (Note 6) amounting to          144.6 million (2024:      145.7 million).
    -    Goodwill resulted from Solutions’s investments in the Kingdom and Egypt (Note 6) amounting to                 293.4 million (2024:
            298.4 million).
    -    Goodwill resulted from iot2 acquisition of Machines Talk, registered in the Kingdom, amounting to             366.5 million (2024:
            366.5 million).
    -    Goodwill resulted from Center 3 investments in Mauritius and South Africa (Note 6) amounting to                170.1 million (2024:
            188.7 million). During the year, Center 3 has recorded additional goodwill amounting to           22.6 million (2024: Nil) and a
         goodwill impairment in relation to these investments amounting to        41.1 million (2024: Nil).
    -    Goodwill impairment test :
         The recoverable amount for the goodwill balances were determined based on the value in use calculations. These
         calculations use cash flow projections based on a business plan approved by the management. Cash flows are estimated
         over three to five years periods for each CGUs and cash flows beyond the estimated period are based on assumption of
         terminal growth rate. The discount rate was an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital as of 31 December 2025
         based on market rates adjusted to reflect management’s estimate of the specific risks relating to each CGUs ranging
         between 10.5% - 19.0% (2024: 10.4% - 18.5%). The terminal growth rates are based on management best estimation specific
         to the conditions in which the CGUs operate and were estimated at a range rate of 2.0% - 5.0% (2024: 2.0% - 6.3%).


   2)   Additions includes non-cash additions amounted to      2,122 million (2024:    883 million).


  Intangible assets are amortized using the following estimated useful lives:



   Computer software                                                             3 - 7 years
   Telecommunication licenses                                                20 - 25 years
   Contractual intangible assets                                                3 - 20 years
   Others                                                                       5 - 20 years




                                                               62
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

The following table shows the breakdown of amortization and impairment expense if allocated to operating costs items from
continuing operations for the year ended 31 December:

                                                                                          2025                     2024


Cost of revenues                                                                              849,738                     733,968
Selling and marketing expenses                                                                   66,201                     47,171
General and administrative expenses                                                          2,531,212                2,106,580
                                                                                             3,447,151                2,887,719


The following are the net book value and expiry dates of the main mobile operating licenses and frequency spectrum as at:

 Country                                  End of amortization period                31 December 2025         31 December 2024

 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                  2029 / 2032 / 2033 / 2034 / 2037 / 2039           4,258,705                 2,383,429
 State of Kuwait                          2025 / 2033 / 2039                                 1,178,253                    1,319,162
 Kingdom of Bahrain                       2031 / 2034 / 2038                                  504,363                     547,535
                                                                                             5,941,321                 4,250,126




                                                               63
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
The following are the type, cost and expiry dates of the main mobile operating licenses and frequency spectrum as at:

                                                                     End of amortization    31 December          31 December
 Country                    License type                                    period              2025                 2024

                            Frequency spectrum:
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    (1930-1980)/(2150-2170) Megahertz               2029                  753,750                753,750
                            Frequency spectrum 1:
                            (703-718)/(758-773) MHZ
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    (1727-1735)/(1822-1830)MHZ                      2032                 2,175,673              2,175,673
                            Frequency spectrum 2:
                            (718-723)/(773-778) MHZ
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    (1735-1745)/(1830-1840) MHZ                     2033                  470,606                470,606
                            Frequency spectrum 3:
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    (2300-2400)MHZ                                  2034                   279,573               279,573
                            Frequency spectrum 4:
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    (3600-3700)MHZ                                  2034                  587,586                587,586
                            Frequency spectrum 5 - non-
                            terrestrial networks / CH1-
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    1980-1995 MHz based                             2037                   149,750                149,750
                            Frequency spectrum 6 non-
                            terrestrial networks / CH1-
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    1995-2010 MHz based                             2037                   164,719                164,719
                            Frequency spectrum A2
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    600MHz                                          2039                 1,124,590                      -
                            Frequency spectrum C1
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia    )3900-3800( MHz                                 2039                 1,184,269                      -
                                                                                                 6,890,516              4,581,657

 State of Kuwait            Frequency spectrum 2                            2025                    80,676                78,786
 State of Kuwait            Kuwait License                                  2033                 3,256,133              3,256,133
 State of Kuwait            Frequency spectrum 1                            2039                  239,507                234,077
                                                                                                 3,576,316              3,568,996

 Kingdom of Bahrain         MT - TRA Licenses                               2031                    77,930                 77,812
 Kingdom of Bahrain         Spectrum 800 & 2600 MHz                         2034                    44,105                44,038
 Kingdom of Bahrain         TRA Mobile License Services                     2038                   892,758               891,409
 Kingdom of Bahrain         LTE Spectrum Fees                               2038                    66,008                65,908
 Kingdom of Bahrain         Others                                          2038                    31,202                 32,121
                                                                                                  1,112,003              1,111,288
                                                                                                11,578,835              9,261,941




                                                                64
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

13. RIGHT OF USE ASSETS

                                                   Lands and Buildings     Motor Vehicles        Others                 Total
At 1 January 2025                                            1,257,928             58,888              35,155              1,351,971
Additions (*)                                                 827,124                    -             161,556             988,680
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                       4,466                    -                    -                 4,466
Depreciation                                                (393,466)            (44,280)             (60,848)           (498,594)
Re-measurement and Terminations                              (106,587)                   -                (755)           (107,342)
Reclassifications and other adjustments                       (43,170)                   -             44,597                   1,427
At 31 December 2025                                         1,546,295              14,608             179,705             1,740,608


At 1 January 2024                                            3,832,872              4,276              56,690             3,893,838
Additions (*)                                                1,431,542             90,907              57,092              1,579,541
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries
(Note 7)                                                         1,067                  -                    -                  1,067
Depreciation                                                  (712,631)           (32,019)            (36,044)            (780,694)
Re-measurement and Terminations                               (112,348)            (4,276)            (42,583)             (159,207)
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries (Note 14.1)              (3,182,574)                 -                    -           (3,182,574)
At 31 December 2024                                          1,257,928             58,888               35,155             1,351,971


(*) Non-cash additions amounted to     989 million (2024:    1,580 million).


(**) Comparative figures include movements related to disposed discontinued operations.


Right of use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
assets, as follows:



 Lands                                                                                                10 – 35 years
 Buildings                                                                                             2 – 31 years
 Motor vehicles                                                                                        3 – 5 years
 Others                                                                                                 2-10 years


The Group elected not to recognize right of use assets for short-term and low-value leases, and hence the lease payments
associated with these contracts were recognized as expenses during the year in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
amounted to     74 million (2024:   93 million).


The following table shows the breakdown of depreciation expense if allocated to operating costs items from continuing operations
for the year ended 31 December:


                                                                                              2025                      2024
 Cost of revenues                                                                                243,653                     182,322
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                                      6,026                      6,558
 General and administrative expenses                                                              248,915                   243,869
                                                                                                 498,594                    432,749




                                                                   65
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

14. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
14.1 Sale of equity interest in subsidiaries classified as discontinued operations

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Group received a non-binding offer from the Public Investment Fund (PIF) (a related party: the
ultimate controlling party- Note 1-A) to acquire 51% of the shares of Telecommunications Towers Company (“TAWAL”), while the
Group will maintain 49% of the shares of TAWAL. TAWAL was valued at          21,940 million (100% enterprise value on cash free and
debt free basis). The offer did not represent any binding commitment on both parties and it was subject to completing the due
diligence.

During the second quarter of 2024, a sale and purchase agreement (the “SPA”) was signed which contains certain conditions
precedent, which must be satisfied prior to completion, including -but not limited to- obtaining the approval from the general
assembly of stc, the approval of the Communications, Space and Technology Commission, as well as any applicable regulatory and
commercial conditions. On 24 July 2024, the General Assembly of stc approved the SPA.
As per the SPA, TAWAL’s shares will be sold for a cash consideration estimated to be          8.7 billion, noting that the final cash
consideration will be based on the final accounts of debt, cash, and working capital at completion of the transaction. During the
year 2025, final accounts were completed resulting into a payment by stc to PIF amounting to      54 million.
Agreements were also signed to transfer the ownership of both TAWAL and Golden Lattice Investment Company (“GLIC”) (owns and
manages 8,069 telecommunications towers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is owned by PIF and other shareholders) under DIIC
(the “new entity”) through exchange of shares between the new entity, the owners of GLIC, and TAWAL. GLIC was valued at            3.03
billion (USD 807 million), representing 100% of Enterprise Value on a cash free and debt free basis. As a result, the Group’s
ownership in the new entity will be 43.06%. The agreements have also stipulated the transfer of ownership of TAWAL International
Holding A Limited and TAWAL International DMCC from TAWAL to DIIC, which was completed during the year 2024 and after the
stc General Assembly approval of the SPA with PIF.
During December 2024, all substantive condition precedents in relation to the transaction were completed and therefore the Group
lost its control over TAWAL and DIIC and recognized a gain on disposal amounting to       12.9 billion in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024. TAWAL, and GLIC were valued at      17.4 billion, and    2.6 billion respectively
net of cash, debt, and working capital adjustments. In addition, the Group injected     128 million in new entity capital to maintain
its ownership of 43.06%.
As of the date of loss of control, the Group has started to account for its retained interest in TAWAL and DIIC using the equity
method of accounting as associates in accordance with the requirements of IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”.
The Group has remeasured its retained interest portion at fair value which resulted in a gain recognized as part of net profit from
discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024.
During the first quarter of 2025, the ownership transfer of TAWAL to the new established entity (DIIC) was completed.

The summary of net (loss) profit from discontinued operations as follows:


                                                                                      For the year ended           For the year ended
                                                                                      31 December 2025              31 December 2024
 Profit from discontinued operations                                                                      -                   1,087,983
 Gain from sale of controlling interest in subsidiaries                                                   -                  12,885,377
 Final accounts completion adjustment                                                             (54,133)                            -
 Net (loss) profit from discontinued operations                                                   (54,133)                   13,973,360




                                                                  66
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

14. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND ASSETS HELD FOR SALE (CONTINUED)
14.2 Assets held for sale

Assets have been reclassified as assets held for sale measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell as
at 31 December:


                                                                                                2025                          2024
 Lands at carrying amount (1)                                                                       248,021                          39,519
 Building at carrying amount (2)                                                                       15,866                             -
                                                                                                    263,887                          39,519



 1)    During the year 2025, lands with carrying amount of      244 million have been reclassified as assets held for sale (2024:         23
       million) and lands with carrying amount of   36 million have been disposed of (2024:      5 million).
 2)    During the year 2025, building with carrying amount of     16 million has been reclassified as assets held for sale.




15. CONTRACT ASSETS AND COSTS
15.1 Contract assets



                                                                                        31 December 2025          31 December 2024


 Unbilled revenue                                                                                 9,451,771                    8,954,443
 Less: allowance for impairment loss                                                              (227,337)                     (231,523)
                                                                                                 9,224,434                      8,722,920


 Current (1)                                                                                      8,245,316                     7,728,563
 Non-current   (2)
                                                                                                      979,118                    994,357
                                                                                                 9,224,434                      8,722,920




 (1)    Contract assets are initially recognized for revenue earned from rendering of telecom services, sale of devices, and
        networks installation contracts unbilled yet. Upon completion of a billing cycle, the amounts recognized as contract assets
        are reclassified to trade receivables. The majority of balances are billed within one calendar month except for balances
        subject to settlement agreements with telecom operators which could be extended to one year or more.
 (2)    Non-current contract assets represent balances related to unbilled receivables on sold devices. The term of the contracts
        for the sold devices ranges between 12 and 24 months.
 (3)    The average expected credit loss rate on contract assets for the year ended 31 December 2025 is 2.4% (2024: 2.6%).


Movement of allowance for impairment loss of contract assets during the year ended 31 December as follows:


                                                                                               2025                       2024
Balance at 1 January                                                                                231,523                     205,071
Additions (Note 36)                                                                                 104,399                      113,839
Written off                                                                                        (98,072)                    (100,559)
Other adjustments                                                                                   (10,513)                         13,172
Balance at 31 December                                                                              227,337                      231,523




                                                                   67
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

15. CONTRACT ASSETS AND COSTS (CONTINUED)
15.2 Contract costs
Contract costs consist of the following:
                                                                                      31 December 2025         31 December 2024

  Costs to obtain the contracts       (1)
                                                                                                 126,633                   115,506
  Costs to fulfil the contracts (2)                                                             483,908                    467,876
                                                                                                 610,541                  583,382


  Current                                                                                        182,616                   111,506
  Non-current                                                                                   427,925                    471,876
                                                                                                 610,541                  583,382


(1)       Costs to obtain contracts relate to incremental commission fees and additional incentives paid to intermediaries, dealers
          and employees as a result of obtaining contracts with customers. These costs are amortized on a straight line basis over
          the period of the contract/anticipated contract.


(2)       Costs to fulfil contracts are installation costs and are amortized on a straight line basis over the period of the
          contract/anticipated contact.


The following table shows the allocation of contract costs amortization and impairment losses among operating costs items for
the year ended 31 December:

                                                                                             2025                      2024


  Cost of revenues (Note 35)                                                                     189,743                   190,054
  Selling and marketing expenses (Note 36)                                                        110,461                     92,817
                                                                                                300,204                    282,871




                                                                 68
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHERS
16-1 Financial assets

                                                                                      31 December 2025           31 December 2024


     Financial assets measured at FVOCI
     Listed equity investments (1)                                                            8,706,529                  4,318,321

     Financial assets measured at FVTPL
     Cash collateral against purchase of a listed equity investment (2)                                -                4,144,063
     Investment funds and unlisted equity investments        (3)                               5,137,979                4,063,687
                                                                                               5,137,979                8,207,750


     Financial assets at amortized cost, net :
     Sukuk (4) (5)                                                                            5,635,282                  5,133,819
     Financial assets from digital banking operations      (6)                                1,444,853                 2,360,035
     Finance lease receivables                                                                 1,010,076                  823,249
     Loans and advances to employees (7)                                                        649,500                  662,660
     Treasury bills                                                                              395,217                        -
     Accrued profit on financial assets                                                          118,479                  247,534
     Others                                                                                    1,231,898                1,339,953
                                                                                             10,485,305                10,567,250


     Financial derivatives
     Forward contract (8)                                                                              -                 200,857
     Options (9)                                                                                562,725                    23,391
     Islamic cross currency profit rate swap (Note.31.1)                                               -                  238,829
                                                                                                562,725                   463,077


                                                                                             24,892,538                23,556,398


     Current                                                                                   3,561,804                8,667,558
     Non-current                                                                             21,330,734                14,888,840
                                                                                             24,892,538                23,556,398


1)    During the year 2023, the Group had completed the purchase of 4.9% direct shareholding in Telefonica. During the year 2025,
      the Group has increased its direct shareholding and voting rights in Telefonica company from 4.97% to 9.97% after the
      completion of all relevant requirements. Telefonica is a leading European telecommunications operator through its
      significant presence in three of the largest European markets, namely Spain, Germany and the UK, in addition to Brazil which
      is the largest market in Latin America. This investment is irrevocably designated at fair value through OCI.


2)    The amount represented an advance collateral payment as at 31 December 2024, until obtaining the relevant regulatory
      approvals, against the Group’s signing a contingent sale purchase agreement with one of the international investment banks
      to acquire an additional shareholding of 5% in Telefonica. Accordingly during the year 2025, the Group has increased its
      direct shareholding and voting rights from 4.97% to 9.97% after the completion of all relevant requirements.


3)    The Group - through venture funds and subsidiaries - invests in various emerging, small and medium-sized companies
      operating in the field of Communications and Information Technology in the Kingdom and other global markets.




                                                                   69
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHERS (CONTINUED)
16-1 Financial assets (continued)

4)   The Group invested in Sukuk issued by the Government as the following:

     A- Sukuk investments by the Company:
                                                                  2025                                                2024
                                                    Tranche I              Tranche II             Tranche I *                    Tranche II

      Nominal Investment value                        1,600,000               2,140,000                 1,600,000                      2,140,000
      Year of investment                                   2024                      2019                   2024                            2019
      Year of maturity                                     2029                      2029                   2029                            2029
      Yield                                               3.90%                    3.90%                    3.90%                          3.90%


      The carrying value of the Company’s investments in these Sukuk amounted to             3,700 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
        3,688 million)

     B- Sukuk investments by STC Bank:

     STC Bank’s investments in Sukuk have remaining maturity up to 6 years with coupon range of 1.73% to 4.75% as unsecured in
     nature with a carrying value of    798 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:       256 million).


5)   During the year 2007, stc Asia Holding Company Limited (a subsidiary) invested in Sukuk issued by Binariang GSM Sdn Bhd
     (“BGSM”) in the amount of RM 1,508 million (equivalent to     1,383 million) period for a of 50 years (callable after 10 years) with
     an annual profit margin of 6 months KLIBOR+8.51%. These sukuks are not past due with a net book value of                  1,137 million as at
     31 December 2025 (2024:     1,189 million) reflecting an ECL of     2.6 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:         1.7 million). During
     the year 2025 there was an early partial redemption amounting to RM 185 million (equivalent to                 171 million) (2024: RM 90
     million equivalent to    76 million).


6)   This amount includes STC Bank’s: statutory deposit with SAMA as stipulated by the Banking Control Law and regulations issued
     by SAMA, due from banks related to customers’ balance in trust accounts, which represents restricted cash received and
     recorded against customers’ deposits, retail loans to customers, and wallet receivables.


7)   The Company has provided its employees interest-free loans to acquire residential housing and motor vehicles for a period
     of (11-15 years) and 4 years, respectively. The repayment is made in equal instalments over the term of the loan duration while
     the employee remains in service. Any new housing loans provided to an employee after June 2016 are being funded through a
     local commercial bank under an agreement entered into by the Company. The Company bears the finance cost of the loans
     up to a certain maximum rate.


8)    The Group entered into a forward agreement in relation to its investment in Telefonica to ensure that the Group had synthetic
      stake of 5% in Telefonica pending regulatory approval such that it is eligible to obtain all economic benefits as ordinary
      shareholders. During the year 2025, the Group has increased its direct shareholding and voting rights in Telefonica company
      from 4.97% to 9.97% after the completion of all relevant requirements and therefore the forward agreement was terminated.

9)    Below are the details of the agreement and the change in fair value as at /during the year ended 31 December, respectively:


                                                                                              Changes in fair value
                                                                                     2025                                  2024
                                                                         EUR’000               ’000             EUR’000                   ’000
      Option to hedge equity investment at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                           137,263            661,985               (76,712)           (304,156)
      Option and forward contracts at fair value through
      profit or loss                                                             -                      -           (77,751)           (308,274)


      The Group has received dividends during the year of 2025 amounting to            743 million (2024:     655 million). The contractual
      arrangements of these instruments entail the partial return of dividends for the underlying investment to the counterparty
      amounting to       429 million (2024:   408 million). Both are included in other income (expense) line in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss.


                                                                   70
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHERS (CONTINUED)
16-2 Other assets

                                                                                      31 December 2025            31 December 2024


Advances                                                                                         1,216,018                     334,284
Prepaid expenses                                                                                   688,013                     694,410
Deferred expenses                                                                                  126,500                      136,576
Deferred tax assets                                                                                56,643                       39,940
Others                                                                                             515,648                     366,263
                                                                                                2,602,822                      1,571,473


Current                                                                                         2,031,499                   1,329,692
Non-current                                                                                        571,323                      241,781
                                                                                                2,602,822                      1,571,473



17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                      31 December 2025            31 December 2024


Goods held for resale*                                                                         2,070,536                     2,011,865
Less: allowance for slow moving inventories                                                     (147,333)                      (122,638)

                                                                                                1,923,203                    1,889,227


*The Group’s inventories mainly consist of telecom devices, materials and supplies.


Inventories recognised as an expense within cost of sales during the year amounted to     11,899 million (2024:   11,939 million).


The following is an analysis of the allowance for slow moving inventories for the year:


                                                                                            2025                        2024


Balance at 1 January                                                                               122,638                     185,723
Additions /(Reversals), net                                                                        37,479                    (46,436)
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                              131                           54
Write off / adjustment                                                                             (12,915)                    (16,703)
Balance at 31 December                                                                             147,333                     122,638




                                                                71
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                         31 December 2025               31 December 2024


Trade receivables                                                                                30,086,398                     25,602,745
Less: allowance for impairment loss                                                              (3,359,200)                    (3,379,581)
                                                                                                  26,727,198                     22,223,164


Ageing analysis of trade receivables are as follows (*):


                                         31 December 2025                                              31 December 2024
                                            Allowance for                                                Allowance for
                              Gross          impairment                                 Gross             impairment
                             Amounts             loss           ECL Rate               Amounts                loss             ECL Rate
Not past due                 4,572,860         (377,248)          8.3%                    3,223,401               (379,544)      11.8%
Past due:
1 – 30 days                    724,678           (31,419)         4.3%                     1,284,061               (79,028)      6.2%
31 – 90 days                 2,747,238         (362,597)          13.2%                   2,720,006               (268,814)      9.9%
91 – 150 days                2,738,365          (109,962)         4.0%                    2,152,856               (256,103)      11.9%
151 – 365 days               6,649,774          (312,921)         4.7%                    5,773,937               (725,022)      12.6%
<365 days                   12,653,483        (2,165,053)         17.1%                  10,448,484           (1,671,070)        16.0%
                            30,086,398       (3,359,200)          11.2%                  25,602,745           (3,379,581)        13.2%


(*) The amounts above include balances with government and government related entities.
Movement of trade receivables’ allowance for impairment loss during the year was as follows:


                                                                                                2025                          2024
Balance at 1 January                                                                               3,379,581                     2,384,754
Additions                                                                                              331,709                    1,381,528
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                                  316                       6,984
Written off                                                                                        (303,831)                      (210,349)
Recovered                                                                                              (65,430)                   (143,264)
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries                                                                            -                    (27,384)
Other adjustments                                                                                       16,855                     (12,688)
Balance at 31 December                                                                            3,359,200                      3,379,581

The expected credit loss is estimated as per approved accounting policies which consider, in determining the recoverability of a
trade receivable, any change in the credit quality of the trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the end of
the financial year. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the customer base is large and unrelated.


The contractual amount outstanding on trade receivables that were written off during the reporting period are still subject to
enforcement activities.

Trade receivables balance from Government entities amounted to            22,577 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:        18,567 million)
(Note 21.2). No other clients represent more than 10% of the total balance of trade receivables.




                                                                  72
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

18. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
Receivable aging from government entities is as follows:


                                                                                       31 December 2025          31 December 2024


Less than a year                                                                                11,295,824                 9,559,212
More than one year but less than two years                                                       6,581,479                 5,791,205
More than two years                                                                             4,699,630                  3,216,695
                                                                                               22,576,933                  18,567,112



19. SHORT TERM MURABAHAS
The Group invests part of its excess cash in murabahas that have maturity of more than three months but less than a year with
several banks, with a profit rate ranging from 4.50% - 5.90% (2024: 5.30% - 6.78%).


20. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FROM BANKING AND NON-BANKING OPERATIONS


                                                                                       31 December 2025          31 December 2024
Banking operations:
Due from Banks - mmoney market placements                                                        3,149,000                  280,000
Cash and balances with SAMA, excluding statutory deposits                                         2,714,717                 3,029,621
Due from Banks - balance in operating accounts                                                     350,401                    73,410
                                                                                                  6,214,118                3,383,031
Non banking operations:
Short term murabahas (with three months maturity or less) (*)                                   5,407,495                  10,322,612
Cash at banks and in hand                                                                        1,754,458                  1,837,798
                                                                                                 7,161,953                 12,160,410


Total cash and cash equivalents from banking and non-banking operations (**)                    13,376,071                 15,543,441




(*) The Group invests a part of its surplus cash in murabahas with maturities of three months or less with several banks with a profit
rate ranging between 3.10% - 6.35% (2024: 3.80% - 6.80%).

(**) This represents cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the preparation of the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                                                   73
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
21.1 Trading transactions and balances with related parties (Associates and Joint Ventures – Note 8)

The Group trading transactions with related parties during the year ended 31 December were as follows:

                                                                                                        2025                        2024

 Services provided
 Associates                                                                                                   734,830                   535,847

 Joint ventures                                                                                                 12,805                     4,633
                                                                                                               747,635                 540,480

 Services received
 Associates (1)                                                                                              4,310,154                  776,759

 Joint ventures                                                                                                  2,854                     2,891
                                                                                                             4,313,008                  779,650


The following balances were outstanding as at the end of the financial year:


                                                 Amounts due from related parties                       Amounts due to related parties
                                             31 December 2025         31 December 2024           31 December 2025           31 December 2024


 Associates (2)                                       1,834,318                   1,404,179                    1,193,811               1,124,093
 Joint ventures                                          10,033                      3,754                       3,628                     3,351
                                                      1,844,351                   1,407,933                  1,197,439                 1,127,444


(1)       Includes amounts of services received from DIIC amounting to                3,644 million (2024:      3,178 million, DIIC results were
          included under discontinued operations - Note 14.1).


(2)       Include amounts due from DIIC amounted to            1,270 million as of 31 December 2025 (2024:       961 million) and amounts due to
          DIIC amounted to          1,094 million as of 31 December 2025 (2024:    1,021 million) (Note 8.1.1, and 14.1). Comparative figures were
          reclassified to comply with this year presentation.


In addition, the Group has an investment in sukuk issued by a joint venture entity (BGSM) amounting to RM 1,508 million (equivalent
to       1,383 million at the exchange rate as at investment date) with a net book value of         1,137 million as of 31 December 2025 (2024:
      1,189 million) (Note 16.1).


The sale and purchase transactions are carried out by the relevant parties in accordance with the normal terms of trade. The
outstanding balances are unguaranteed, without commission and no guarantees have been provided or received in relation to the
balances due or from the related parties.




                                                                          74
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
21.2 Transactions and related parties’ balances (government and government related entities) (*)

Revenues from transactions with government and government related entities for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to
12,846 million (2024:    12,699 million) and expenses related to transactions with government and government related entities for
the year ended 31 December 2025 (including government charges) amounted to          6,302 million (2024:        5,895 million).


As at 31 December 2025, accounts receivable from government entities totalled         22,577 million (2024:       18,567 million) (Note 18)
and as at 31 December 2025, accounts payable to government entities totalled         1,288 million (2024:        1,221 million). Among the
balances with government entities, the Group invested      4,894 million in the Sukuk and treasury bills issued by the Government.


The total balance of accounts receivable with government related entities as of 31 December 2025 was            1,236 million (2024:    1,244
million). Total balance of accounts payable with government related entities as of 31 December 2025 was             2,335 million (2024:
2,250 million).


(*) Amounts related to DIIC (a subsidiary of PIF and an associate of the Group) are included in the associates and joint ventures
transactions and balances (Note 21.1).


The transactions with government/government related entities are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business based
on terms comparable to the terms of transactions enacted with other entities that are not government-related. The Group has also
established its procurement policies and approval processes for purchases of products and services, which do not depend on
whether the counterparties are government-related entities or not.


Government entities are defined as ministries, authorities, commissions, and other entities of the Government. On the other hand,
Government related entities are defined as PIF, its subsidiaries, and related entities.
In the comparative year, ttransactions with related parties include sale of equity interest in TAWAL and DIIC to Public Investment
Fund (Notes 8.1.1 and 14.1).


21.3 Loans to related parties

                                                                                          31 December 2025            31 December 2024

Loans to senior executives                                                                             9,964                           9,490


21.4 Benefits, remuneration and compensation of board members and senior executives
The remuneration and compensation of board members and senior executives during the year ended 31 December were as follows:


                                                                                               2025                          2024
Short-term benefits and remuneration                                                               728,288                        681,417
Provisions for end of service benefits and others                                                  136,599                        122,283
Share-based payment expenses                                                                          147,179                     129,993

Total compensations                                                                               1,012,066                       933,693




                                                                 75
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

22. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                   31 December 2025       31 December 2024

 Authorized, issued and fully paid capital comprises
 5 billion fully paid ordinary shares at 10 each share                                  50,000,000             50,000,000



 Number of outstanding shares “in thousands”                                              4,989,798               4,986,916
 Number of treasury shares “in thousands”                                                    10,202                   13,084
                                                                                          5,000,000              5,000,000


23. TREASURY SHARES
During the years 2020 - 2022, the Company completed the purchase of its own shares with an amount of       753 million to be
allocated to the Employees’ Long-term Incentives Program (Note 45).


The following is the number of treasury shares (in thousands) as at 31 December:


                                                                                         2025                  2024
Treasury shares as at 1 January                                                                 13,084                15,494
Treasury shares re-issued                                                                       (2,882)               (2,410)

Treasury shares as at 31 December                                                               10,202                13,084




                                                                76
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

24. OTHER RESERVES
                                      Foreign currency                          Changes in
                                        translation       Actuarial            shareholding
                                          reserve         gain (loss)          of subsidiaries    Other reserves    Total


As at 1 January 2025                        (816,321)           (329,768)           1,834,629           796,081     1,484,621
Remeasurement of the end of service
benefits provision                                    -      (453,605)                        -                -    (453,605)
Share-based payment transactions                      -                    -                  -          13,234        13,234
Transactions with non-controlling
interest                                              -                    -         (41,845)                  -     (41,845)
Foreign currency translation
differences                                 1,283,336                      -                  -                -    1,283,336
Net share of associates and joint
ventures                                              -                    -                  -         269,126       269,126
Gain on cash flow hedge, net                          -                    -                  -        (124,037)    (124,037)
Changes in fair value for hedging
instruments and equity investments
through other comprehensive income                    -                    -                  -        (335,023)    (335,023)
Gain on net investment hedge, net                     -                    -                  -        (603,508)    (603,508)
Other adjustments                                     -                    -                  -           2,795        2,795
As at 31 December 2025                       467,015            (783,373)           1,792,784            18,668     1,495,094


                                      Foreign currency                           Changes in
                                        translation       Actuarial             shareholding
                                          reserve         gain (loss)          of subsidiaries    Other reserves    Total


As at 1 January 2024                          (64,749)      (523,845)               2,266,519            447,267     2,125,192
Remeasurement of the end of service
benefits provision                                    -          191,278                      -                -       191,278
Share-based payment transactions                      -               -                       -           57,640       57,640
Transactions with non-controlling
interest                                              -               -             (431,890)                  -     (431,890)
Foreign currency translation
differences                                  (956,508)                -                       -                -     (956,508)
Net share of associates and joint
ventures                                              -               -                       -          (23,416)     (23,416)
Gain on cash flow hedge, net                          -               -                       -           92,870       92,870
Changes in fair value for hedging
instruments and equity investments
through other comprehensive income                    -               -                       -          140,321       140,321
Gain on net investment hedge, net                     -               -                       -           93,055       93,055
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries            204,936             2,799                       -          (11,656)     196,079
As at 31 December 2024                        (816,321)     (329,768)               1,834,629            796,081     1,484,621




                                                           77
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

25. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that has material non-controlling interests as at:


                        Proportion of ownership and            Non-controlling share of profit
      Name of          voting rights acquired by non-             (loss) for the year ended                 Non-controlling interests
     Subsidiary             controlling interests                        31 December                           as of 31 December
                           2025               2024                 2025                2024                 2025              2024


 stc Kuwait                48.162%             48.162%             200,426             184,382              1,405,243          1,409,442
 Solutions                 20.363%            20.000%               315,839            320,563                912,841           823,552
 Others (*)                       -                  -            (209,350)           (277,354)              654,685                835,511
                                                                    306,915            227,591              2,972,769          3,068,505


(*) Includes the Group’s investment in STC Bank, iot2 and SCCC (Note 6).


The following is a summary of the financial statements of individually material subsidiaries which is non-wholly owned by the
Group and have material non-controlling interests:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                      stc Kuwait                        Solutions

Statement of financial position
Current assets                                                                                2,794,057                     10,744,719
Non-current assets                                                                            3,040,842                      2,172,227
Current liabilities                                                                       (2,444,447)                      (7,020,423)
Non-current liabilities                                                                       (472,710)                     (1,569,373)
Non controlling interests’ share of net assets at subsidiary                                            -                      (39,810)

Net assets attributable to the equity owners of the subsidiary                                2,917,742                      4,287,340



Net assets attributable to non controlling interests                                          1,405,243                        912,841




                                                                  78
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

25. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)


                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                  stc Kuwait                  Solutions

Statement of income and other comprehensive income
Revenues                                                                                 4,180,077                   12,730,189


Profit (including NCI share amounting to      9,9 million for solutions)                   416,145                    1,512,414
Other comprehensive loss                                                                        (510)                  (41,544)

Total comprehensive income                                                                415,635                    1,470,870

Total comprehensive income allocated to non controlling interests                                   -                    13,160
Non controlling interests’ share of comprehensive income                                   200,178                     309,993


Dividends paid to non controlling interests                                               202,954                      242,403




                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                  stc Kuwait                  Solutions

Statement of cash flows
Operating activities                                                                     1,120,455                   (100,669)
Investing activities                                                                     (634,154)                   2,017,956
Financing activities                                                                     (677,112)                  (1,298,466)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      (190,811)                     618,821




                                                                                           As at 31 December 2024
                                                                                   stc Kuwait                  Solutions

Statement of financial position
Current assets                                                                           2,840,241                    10,358,690
Non-current assets                                                                       2,784,906                      1,681,408
Current liabilities                                                                     (2,195,834)                   (6,682,898)
Non-current liabilities                                                                  (502,852)                    (1,327,574)
Non controlling interests’ share of net assets at subsidiary                                        -                    (22,034)

Net assets attributable to the equity owners of the subsidiary                            2,926,461                    4,007,592



Net assets attributable to non controlling interests                                     1,409,442                       823,552




                                                                   79
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

25. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)


                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                       stc Kuwait             Solutions

Statement of income and other comprehensive income
Revenues                                                                                     4,105,483             12,063,897


Profit                                                                                         382,839               1,602,816
Other comprehensive loss                                                                        (6,445)              (221,595)

Total comprehensive income                                                                     376,394               1,381,221

Total comprehensive loss allocated to non controlling interests                                      -                 (7,822)
Non controlling interests’ share of comprehensive income                                        181,279               269,987


Dividends paid to non controlling interests                                                    204,747                142,784



                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                       stc Kuwait             Solutions

Statement of cash flows
Operating activities                                                                          1,165,466             1,509,256
Investing activities                                                                         (899,835)             (2,126,870)
Financing activities                                                                         (635,937)              (807,470)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (370,306)             (1,425,084)




                                                               80
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

26. BORROWINGS

Total loans repaid during the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to    442 million (2024:   2.635 million). Total loans received during the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to    376 million (2024:
  880 million). A list of the loans are as follows:


                                                                                                                              Current portion                            Non-current portion
 Nature of                                      Date of final                                                        Balance as at          Balance as at         Balance as at            Balance as at
 borrowing              Date of borrowing       instalment      Currency             Profit rate                  31 December 2025       31 December 2024      31 December 2025         31 December 2024
 Sukuk (1)              May 2019                May 2029        US Dollar            3.89%                                         -                      -            4,680,493                 4,678,577
 Murabaha (3)           December 2017           December 2027   Malaysian Ringgit    6 months KLIBOR + 0.65%                       -                      -              1,310,218                1,267,094
 Murabaha (3)           September 2021          August 2026     US Dollar            3 months SOFR + 0.75%                  494,831                       -                      -                 494,160
 Murabaha (3)           March 2021              November 2029   US Dollar            1.27%                                   69,728                  69,713               205,741                  274,312
 Murabaha (3)           September 2023          March 2029      US Dollar            6 months SOFR + 0.73%                         -                      -            6,000,726                 6,000,726
 Murabaha (3)           February 2019           December 2025   Saudi Riyal          3 months SAIBOR + 0.55%                       -               155,000                                                -
 Murabaha (3)           February 2022           March 2028      Kuwaiti Dinar        CBK + 0.55%                              70,019                69,974                 70,019                  139,948
 Mudarabah (3)          December 2018           May 2026        Bahraini Dinar       2.10%                                     1,837                 3,870                       -                    2,177
 Murabaha (3)           January 2023            January 2029    US Dollar            3 months SOFR + 0.95%                         -                      -              450,059                   449,763
 Murabaha (2)           August 2022             August 2036     Saudi Riyal          6 months SAIBOR + 0.60%                       -                      -              605,394                   500,394
 Murabaha (2)           June 2022               June 2027       Saudi Riyal          6 months SAIBOR + 0.45%                       -                      -              499,626                   499,377
 Others (4)                                                                                                                 150,745                 93,027                581,992                  433,627
                                                        Total                                                                787,160               391,584            14,404,268                 14,740,155




                                                                                                   81
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

26. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
(1)   At the General Assembly meeting on 19 Shaaban of 1440 H (corresponding to April 24, 2019), the Company approved the
      establishment of an international sukuk program and the issuance of sukuk either directly or by establishing special purpose
      vehicles that are established and used to issue primary or secondary sukuk in one or several parts or one or several stages, or
      through a series of issuance in US dollars, not exceeding the amount of USD 5,000 million for the total value of the sukuk
      issues and parts of the sukuk program referred to above at any time.

      Based on the above, the Saudi Telecom Sukuk Company Limited during the second quarter of 2019 (a company established for
      the purpose of issuing sukuk under the sukuk program referred to above in US dollar) launched the first issue of the sukuk
      program in the amount of     4,688 million (equivalent to USD 1,250 million) for 10 years. This program is an international sukuk
      in US dollar, with a total number of 6,250 sukuk and a nominal value of USD 200 thousand per sukuk having an annual return of
      3.89% and a maturity of ten years.

(2)   Secured.

(3)   Unsecured.

(4)   Include borrowings obtained by indirectly owned subsidiaries.


27. RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
27.1 End of service benefits provision

The Group provides end of service benefits to its employees. The entitlement is based upon the employees’ final salary and length
of service, subject to the completion of a minimum number of service years, calculated under the provisions of the Labour Law of
the respective country and is payable upon resignation or termination of the employee. The expected costs of these benefits are
accrued over the years of employment.


The Group's plan is exposed to actuarial risks such as discount rate and salary risk.


  Discount rate risk           A decrease in the discount rate will increase the end of service benefits plan liability.


  Change in salaries risk      The present value of the end of service benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the
                               estimated future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salaries of the plan
                               participants will increase the plan’s liability.


Calculation of end of service benefit provision was performed using the most recent actuarial valuation as at 31 December 2025.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured
using the projected unit credit method.


The significant actuarial assumptions during the year 2025, used in determining the end of service benefit obligation, represent the
discount rate of (4.20% - 5.80%) (2024: 4.50% - 6.20%), the expected increase in salary 1.60% - 5.10% (2024: 1.50% - 5.32%) and experience
adjustments resulting in recording of net actuarial losses included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
amounting to     468 million (2024: actuarial gains amounting to     180 million).




                                                                    82
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

27. RETIREMENT BENEFITES PLANS (CONTINUED)
27.1 End of service benefits provision (continued)

The net expenses recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows for the year ended 31 December:

                                                                                             2025                  2024


Services cost                                                                                    471,603                  470,618
Interest cost                                                                                   263,402                   240,721
                                                                                                735,005                    711,339


Movements of end of service benefit provision for the year ended 31 December is as follow:


                                                                                             2025                  2024
Balance at 1 January                                                                            5,184,542             5,258,413

Expenses recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss                                 735,005                711,339

Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                                 -                 10,617
Actuarial losses (gains) recognized in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income during the year resulting from:
       -   Changes in financial assumptions                                                         314,953           (305,543)
       -   Experience adjustments                                                                   153,207                125,133

                                                                                                    468,160            (180,410)
Paid                                                                                           (1,231,432)            (585,633)
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        -               (63,225)

Other adjustments                                                                                    (4,118)               33,441

Balance at 31 December                                                                          5,152,157             5,184,542


The following table shows the maturity profile of the Group’s defined benefit obligations as at 31 December:

                                                                                             2025                   2024
 One year or less                                                                                130,795                     27,629
 Above one year but less than five years                                                         776,145                   785,983
 Above five years                                                                              7,609,226               7,818,025
                                                                                               8,516,166               8,631,637




                                                               83
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

27. RETIREMENT BENEFITES PLANS (CONTINUED)
27.1 End of service benefits provision (continued)

The following table shows the change in defined benefit obligation balance based on increase / decrease in the below
assumptions:

                                                                               2025               Defined benefit obligation
                                                                                            After increase in    After decrease in
                                        Change in Assumption             Base Value
                                                                                              assumption            assumption


Discount rate                                    100 basis points               5,152,157       4,728,162             5,560,232
Salary change rate                               100 basis points               5,152,157       5,561,287             4,720,659



                                                                               2024               Defined benefit obligation

                                                                                            After increase in    After decrease in
                                        Change in Assumption                 Base Value
                                                                                              assumption            assumption



Discount rate                                     100 basis points              5,184,542        4,999,550             5,781,012
Salary change rate                                100 basis points              5,184,542        5,785,749             4,989,249

The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the end of service benefit provision as
it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
The sensitivity analysis of employees’ retirements benefits was calculated using the projected unit credit method.

27.2 Defined contribution plans
The Group participates in pension schemes for its employees which are managed by government institutions in the countries
concerned. The amount recognized as an expense for defined contribution plans for the year ended 31 December 2025 is                 631
million (2024:   675 million).

27.3 Early retirement plan
The Group has early retirement plan for its employees . The amount recognized as an expense early retirement plan for the year
ended 31 December 2025 is        824 million (2024:   2,577 million).




                                                                        84
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

28.    LEASE LIABILITIES

Following is the movement on lease liabilities:

                                                                                              2025                       2024
Balance as at 1 January                                                                           2,164,085                 4,275,229
Additions                                                                                         1,005,175                  1,768,791
Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                            4,466                       1,130
Payments                                                                                          (857,400)                 (1,515,120)
Financing costs                                                                                      91,883                   202,478
Other adjustments                                                                                 (154,979)                  (517,269)
Effect of disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        -                (2,051,154)
Balance as at 31 December                                                                         2,253,230                 2,164,085


Current                                                                                             538,711                   593,447
Non-current                                                                                       1,714,519                 1,570,638
                                                                                                  2,253,230                 2,164,085


Table above includes movements related to disposed discontinued operations.



29.    CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                        31 December 2025          31 December 2024


Deferred revenue from services                                                                    4,871,857                 4,708,962
Material right / Customer loyalty program                                                          487,994                   528,458
                                                                                                  5,359,851                 5,237,420


Current (1)                                                                                       4,088,197                 4,067,079
Non-current (2)                                                                                   1,271,654                  1,170,341
                                                                                                  5,359,851                 5,237,420


      (1)   The current portion of contract liabilities relates to unearned revenue pertaining to unutilized prepaid card units sold
            and the value of customer loyalty program points not yet redeemed. Revenue recognized during the year that was
            included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year amounted to   4,067 million (2024:   4,134 million).


      (2)   The non-current portion of contract liabilities mainly relates to amounts received by one of the group subsidiaries from
            a key customer to construct a fiber optic network for which capital work completed amounted to        591 million (2024:
            591 million) (Note 44.3).




                                                                  85
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

30. PROVISIONS

                                                                                     31 December 2025         31 December 2024


 Legal, regulatory, and other provisions (1)                                                   1,278,416                1,284,350
 Decommissioning provision (2)                                                                     127,150                 143,092
                                                                                               1,405,566                1,427,442


 Current                                                                                           923,193                  915,209
 Non-current                                                                                       482,373                  512,233
                                                                                               1,405,566                1,427,442


                                                                                            2025                    2024
 Legal, regulatory, and other provisions   (1)


 Balance as at 1 January                                                                       1,284,350                2,593,786
 Additions                                                                                         446,416                 603,390
 Reversals                                                                                     (304,887)               (1,790,027)
 Payment / settlements                                                                         (147,463)                   (122,799)
 Balance as at 31 December                                                                     1,278,416                1,284,350


 Decommissioning provision (2)
 Balance as at 1 January                                                                           143,092                  312,292
 Additions                                                                                             312                   94,771
 Unwinding of discount                                                                               2,777                   4,409
 Other adjustments                                                                                 (19,031)             (268,380)
 Balance as at 31 December                                                                         127,150                 143,092


1)    The Group is considered a party to a number of legal and regulatory claims. The Group, after taking independent legal advice
      when required, has established provisions after taking into account the facts for each case.

2)    In the course of the Group’s normal activities, a number of sites and other assets are utilized which are expected to have
      costs associated with restoration of the assets. The associated cash outflows are expected to occur primarily in years up to
      ten years from the date when the assets are brought in use.




                                                                 86
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

31. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND OTHERS
31-1 Financial liabilities


                                                                                                 31 December 2025         31 December 2024


Financial liabilities from digital banking operations (1)                                                 4,244,331                  2,360,035
Financial liabilities related to frequency spectrum licenses                                              3,803,108                  1,954,130
Dividends payable (Note 46)                                                                               3,015,050                 3,008,990
Government charges                                                                                        1,057,987                   1,102,309
Islamic cross currency profit rate swap (2) (Note 16.1)                                                     516,686                             -
Other financial liabilities (3)                                                                             711,257                    716,959
                                                                                                         13,348,419                  9,142,423


Current                                                                                                   9,189,613                  6,969,176
Non-current                                                                                               4,158,806                   2,173,247
                                                                                                         13,348,419                  9,142,423


 1)        Mainly representing customer deposits payable arising from digital banking operations

 2)        During the second quarter of 2024, the Group entered into an Islamic Cross Currency Profit Rate Swap arrangement with a
           notional amount of EUR 1,470 million (USD 1,600 million) to hedge the EUR foreign exchange exposure arising from a EUR
           functional currency subsidiary and the floating profit rate exposure on a USD-denominated borrowing. Under this
           arrangement, the Group receives USD and pays EUR. The Group accounted for this arrangement as derivative financial
           instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss up to the end of second quarter 2024. During the third quarter of
           2024, this financial instrument was designated as a hedge instrument protecting the Group from the fluctuations in the EURO
           net asset position due to movement in EUR/      exchange rates (net investment hedge) and movement in the Term SOFR rates
           (cash flow hedge). The Group recognized the change in fair value of the hedging instrument in other comprehensive income
           for the effective portion and in profit or loss for the ineffective portion.

           Below are the details of the changes in fair value for the financial instrument:

                                                                       2025                                             2024
                                                  Effective portion                                 Effective portion
                                                    recognized in              Ineffective           recognized in
                                                         other                     portion               other             Ineffective portion
                                                   comprehensive              recognized in         comprehensive              recognized in
                                                        income                profit or loss            income                 profit or loss

            Net investment hedge                          (603,509)                   (33,121)               93,055                     (9,814)
            Cash flow hedge                                (124,037)                    8,233                92,870                     19,568
            Total                                         (727,546)                  (24,888)                185,925                     9,754


 3)        Mainly includes the following:
      a)     The fair value of the non-current liability resulting from the put option given to NCI in a subsidiary amounting to            228
             million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:     198 million) (Note 42.2).
      b)     Deferred fee with a fair value amounting to         186 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:       160 million) on the options
             agreement the Group has entered into in relation to its investment in Telefonica.




                                                                         87
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

31. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND OTHERS (CONTINUED)
31-2 Other liabilities
                                                                                     31 December 2025           31 December 2024


Deferred income (*)                                                                            3,772,492                      3,789,308
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           12,285                        12,530
Others                                                                                            801,724                       501,508
                                                                                                4,586,501                     4,303,346


Current                                                                                          852,524                        457,667
Non-current                                                                                     3,733,977                     3,845,679
                                                                                                4,586,501                     4,303,346


(*) Includes mainly government grants provided by Ministry of Communications and Information Technology to the Company to
build telecommunication networks in different areas in the Kingdom amounted to       3,413 million (2024:   3,551 million).


 32. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES


                                                                                     31 December 2025           31 December 2024


Accrued expenses                                                                                8,621,235                      9,051,610
Trade payables                                                                                  7,452,911                     6,048,267
Employee accruals                                                                              2,344,263                       3,621,852
Notes payable                                                                                  2,005,095                       2,415,990
Others                                                                                          1,835,932                      1,489,753
                                                                                              22,259,436                      22,627,472


Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled by the Group on average range of 90–107 days. The Group has
financial risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are paid within the pre-agreed credit terms.




                                                                 88
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

33. ZAKAT AND INCOME TAX


                                                                                    31 December 2025         31 December 2024


Zakat provision (a)                                                                           1,431,562                2,903,646
Income tax provision (b)                                                                         102,179                   30,981
                                                                                              1,533,741                2,934,627


a. Zakat provision
The Group calculates and records the zakat provision based on the zakat base in accordance with the zakat rules and principles in
the Kingdom:


                                                                                          2025                     2024
Additions:
Share capital                                                                               50,000,000               50,000,000
Retained earnings, reserves, provisions and others                                          62,493,242                56,276,332
Adjusted net profit                                                                          15,439,163               26,001,393
Total additions                                                                            127,932,405               132,277,725


Deductions:
Net property and investments                                                                86,846,805                76,665,690
Other deductions                                                                             16,125,139               12,663,010
Total deductions                                                                            102,971,944              89,328,700


Zakat base                                                                                  24,960,461               42,949,025


Zakat on wholly owned companies for the year                                                   645,484                    1,110,123
Reversal of prior years’ zakat provision during the year                                    (1,324,787)                          -
Add: zakat on partially owned companies for the year                                             125,753                  123,737
Total zakat provision (reversed) charged during the year                                      (553,550)                1,233,860




                                                               89
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

33. ZAKAT AND INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
a.   Zakat Provision (continued)

The following is the movement of zakat provision:
                                                                                              2025                       2024

Balance at 1 January                                                                             2,903,646                    2,570,467

Additions                                                                                            771,237                  1,233,860

Reversal of prior years’ Zakat provision during the year                                        (1,324,787)                           -

Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                                   -                     2,633

Amounts paid                                                                                      (920,133)                   (847,057)

Effect of disposal of subsidiaries                                                                          -                   (74,323)

Other adjustments                                                                                      1,599                     18,066

Balance at 31 December                                                                            1,431,562                   2,903,646


The Group submitted all zakat returns until the end of 2024, with payment of zakat due based on those returns, and accordingly the
Group received zakat certificates for those years. Effective from year 2009, the Group started the submission of a consolidated zakat
return for the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries whether directly or indirectly in accordance with the implementing
regulations for zakat collection.

The Zakat position of the Group with ZATCA has been finalized up to the year 2018.

During the first quarter of 2025, the Group received from ZATCA the final zakat assessment for the years 2019 and 2020 which was
accepted and settled.

The Group did not receive the zakat assessments of the years from 2021 up to 2024.

The not wholly owned subsidiaries submit their zakat returns separately. They have submitted all zakat returns until the end of 2024,
and have paid the zakat dues based on those returns. Solutions received from ZATCA a notice stating the finalization of Solutions’
zakat position for the years from 2021 to 2023. STC Bank received from ZATCA a notice stating the finalization of STC
Banks’ zakat position for the years 2019 and 2020. The remaining other not wholly owned subsidiaries have not received any zakat
assessments on their returns yet.

b. Income tax provision
Income tax provision is calculated in accordance with the prevailing tax regulations in the countries of some subsidiaries.
The following is the movement of income tax provision:
                                                                                              2025                       2024

 Balance at 1 January                                                                                 30,981                     62,301

 Additions                                                                                           110,580                     67,798
 Effect of acquisition of new subsidiaries                                                               344                      2,681

 Amounts paid                                                                                        (41,304)                   (45,051)

 Effect of disposal of subsidiaries                                                                         -                   (18,276)

 Other adjustments                                                                                     1,578                    (38,472)

 Balance at 31 December                                                                              102,179                     30,981


Deferred tax balances movements during the year recognized in income tax expenses amounted to          (23) million for the year ended 31
December 2025 (2024:      (6) million).




                                                                   90
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

34. REVENUES

                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2025                   2024
    Rendering of services                                                                           63,312,089            62,007,494
    Sale of devices                                                                                 12,634,029             12,458,105
    Others (*)                                                                                       1,872,557              1,427,814
                                                                                                    77,818,675             75,893,413


    Timing of revenue recognition
    Recognized over time                                                                            62,177,233             61,087,301
    At a point in time                                                                              15,641,442             14,806,112
                                                                                                    77,818,675             75,893,413


(*) Includes mainly revenues from digital banking

-      Geographical segmentation of revenues is provided in the operating segments note (Note 9).

-      Disaggregation of revenues from government and government related entities are disclosed in related party transactions (Note
       21.2).

-      The aggregate amount of unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts with customers
       amounted to       5,360 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:   5,237 million). The Group expects to recognize approximately 76%
       (2024: 79%) of these obligations as revenues during the following reporting period.




                                                                       91
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

35. COST OF REVENUES
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025                     2024
Cost of devices, equipment and software                                                       14,195,531              14,644,906
Network access charges (*)                                                                   10,094,182                8,100,803
Employees costs                                                                               5,543,832                5,534,674
Government charges                                                                            5,417,576                5,378,203
Repairs and maintenance                                                                        1,967,772                1,895,572
Amortization and impairment of contract costs (Note 15.2)                                         189,743                  190,054
Others (**)                                                                                   2,710,350                2,823,277
                                                                                             40,118,986               38,567,489


(*) Network access charges for the comparative year ended 31 December 2024 includes a non-recurring item that represents a reversal
of a withholding tax provision amounting to      1,500 million.

(**) Includes mainly cost of revenues from digital banking services, software and licenses fees, prepaid cards recharge cost, and
utilities.


The details of government charges are as follows:

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                     2024
Commercial service provisioning fees                                                          4,608,632                4,702,782
License fees                                                                                    468,768                    463,948
Frequency spectrum fees                                                                         265,470                    137,427
Others                                                                                            74,706                    74,046
                                                                                              5,417,576                5,378,203



36. SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                     2024
Employee costs                                                                                2,862,473                2,905,142
Advertising, publicity and sales commissions                                                  2,368,067                 1,763,681
Impairment loss on trade receivables                                                              301,871               1,257,976
Amortization and impairment of contract costs (Note 15.2)                                         110,461                   92,817
Impairment loss on contract assets (Note 15.1)                                                  104,399                    113,839
Call centre expenses                                                                              39,579                    43,781
Others                                                                                          584,726                    384,584
                                                                                              6,371,576                6,561,820

“Others” comprises mainly: sadad service fees, consultancy and content service fees.




                                                                  92
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

37. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025                       2024
Employees costs                                                                                 4,774,730                4,596,844
Consultancy and other contracted services (*)                                                     614,096                     646,645
Repairs and maintenance                                                                          542,082                      644,871
Utilities and cleaning                                                                            156,100                     160,792
Subscription Expenses                                                                             112,337                      93,514
Rent                                                                                              42,263                       38,866
Others                                                                                            617,070                     631,457
                                                                                                6,858,678                 6,812,989


(*) Includes fees of the Group’s primary external auditor and its global members’ firms for audit and non-audit services amounting
to     42.6 million and   3.3 million; respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:     30.7 million and    2.3 million;
respectively).

“Others” comprises mainly: insurance premiums and security and safety expenses.



38. FINANCE INCOME

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                        2024
Income from Murabaha                                                                              937,021                 1,400,785
Income from sukuk                                                                                 322,165                     295,525
Other finance income (*)                                                                           17,256                       21,541
                                                                                                1,276,442                     1,717,851

(*) Mainly Shariah based except for   330 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:    147 thousand) from one of Center3
subsidiaries based outside of the Kingdom.


39. FINANCE COST
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                        2024
Unwinding of discounts on provisions and financial liabilities                                    442,514                     365,816
Finance cost relating to murabaha                                                                 399,420                     536,964
Finance cost relating to sukuk                                                                    191,544                     253,774
Finance cost relating to lease liabilities                                                         91,883                       77,125
                                                                                                 1,125,361                1,233,679


40. NET OTHER GAINS

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                        2024
Net gains arising on financial assets measured at FVTPL (Note 42)                                 730,013                     383,367
Gain on sale/disposal of property and equipment & assets held for sale                            205,104                       15,535
Net (losses) gains from derivatives                                                             (266,134)                     189,044
Net foreign exchange losses and others                                                            (14,087)                    (58,877)
                                                                                                  654,896                     529,069




                                                                 93
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

41. EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following is the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December:


                                                                                           2025            2024
 Net profit from continuing operations attributable to equity holders of the
 Parent Company                                                                             14,882,163       10,715,292
 Net (loss) profit from discontinued operations                                                (54,133)     13,973,360
 Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Parent Company                            14,828,030      24,688,652


Number of shares “in thousands”:
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of calculating
 basic earnings per share                                                                    4,988,738       4,986,034

 Weighted average number of repurchased ordinary shares                                           11,262          13,966
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of calculating
 diluted earnings per share                                                                  5,000,000      5,000,000


Earnings per share from net profit from continuing operations attributable to
equity holders of the Parent Company (in Saudi Riyals):

    -    Basic                                                                                     2.98             2.15
    -    Diluted                                                                                   2.98             2.14


(Loss) Earnings per share from discontinued operations (in Saudi Riyals):


    -    Basic                                                                                    (0.01)           2.80

    -    Diluted                                                                                  (0.01)            2.79
Earnings per share from net profit attributable to equity holders of the Parent
Company (in Saudi Riyals):

    -    Basic                                                                                     2.97            4.95
    -    Diluted                                                                                   2.97            4.94


    The following is the number of outstanding shares (in thousands) as at:

                                                                                          2025             2024
    Outstanding shares as at 1 January                                                       4,986,916      4,984,506
    Outstanding shares re-issued                                                                  2,882           2,410

    Outstanding shares as at 31 December                                                     4,989,798      4,986,916




                                                                   94
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
42.1 Capital management
The Group manages its capital which includes share capital, other reserves and retained earnings attributable to the equity holders
of the Parent Company to ensure that:


       •   It will be able to operate as a going concern
       •   It efficiently finances its working capital and strategic investment requirements at optimal terms
       •   It provides a long-term dividend policy and maintains a stable dividend pay-out
       •   It maximizes the total return to its shareholders
       •   It maintains an appropriate mix of debt and equity capital


The Group reviews its capital structure in light of strategic investment decisions, changing economic environment, and assesses
the impact of these changes on cost of capital and risk associated to capital.


The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. The Group did not introduce any amendments to the
capital management objectives and procedures during the year 2025 and comparative year.


The Group reviews the capital structure on an annual basis to evaluate the cost of capital and the risks associated with capital. The
Group has the following target ratios:


   1-      Debt to EBITDA level of 200% or below
   2-      Debt to (Debt + Equity) level of 50% or below

The ratios as at the year ended 31 December were as follows:

                                                                                             2025                      2024
Debt (a)                                                                                       15,191,428                   15,131,739
EBITDA (b)                                                                                    24,469,435                     23,951,115
Debt to EBITDA                                                                                        62%                         63%


Debt                                                                                           15,191,428                   15,131,739
Debt + Equity (c)                                                                             101,577,768                  107,616,786

Debt to (Debt + Equity)                                                                               15%                         14%


 a. Debt is defined as current and non-current borrowings (Note 26).
 b. EBITDA is defined as operating profit for the year adjusted for depreciation, amortization and impairment.
 c. Equity is defined as total equity including share capital, reserves, retained earnings and non-controlling interest.




                                                                 95
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.2 Fair value of financial instruments

The Group uses valuation techniques appropriate to current circumstances that provide sufficient data to measure fair value. In
addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which
the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its
entirety (Note 4.20).


The fair values of financial instruments represented in trade and other receivables, short-term murabahas, cash and cash
equivalents from banking and non-banking operations, and trade and other credit payables closely approximate their book value
due to their short maturity.


Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value:


 31 December 2025                                          Carrying amount                           Fair value
                                                                                   Level 1             Level 2               Level 3
 Financial assets


 Listed equity investments (Note 16.1)                          8,706,529        8,706,529 (1)                    -                     -
 Investment funds and unlisted equity investments
 (Note 16.1)                                                    5,137,979                    -                    -         5,137,979 (7)

 Financial derivatives - options (Note 16.1)                     562,725                     -        562,725 (3)                       -


 Financial liabilities
 Put option to non-controlling interest
 shareholders (Note 31.1)                                         228,318                    -                    -           228,318 (5)
 Islamic cross currency profit rate swap (Note 31.1)              516,686                    -        516,686 (6)                       -




31 December 2024                                           Carrying amount                           Fair value
                                                                                   Level 1            Level 2               Level 3
Financial assets
Listed equity investments (note 16.1)                               4,318,321        4,318,321 (1)                     -                    -

Cash collateral against purchase of a listed equity
investment (Note 16.1)                                             4,144,063                     -      4,144,063 (2)                       -
Investment funds and unlisted equity investments
(Note 16.1)                                                        4,063,687                     -                     -      4,063,687 (7)
Financial derivatives - forward contract (Note 16.1)                200,857                      -       200,857 (4)                        -
Financial derivatives - Options (Note 16.1)                             23,391                   -         23,391     (3)
                                                                                                                                            -
Islamic cross currency profit rate swap (Note 16.1)                  238,829                     -       238,829 (6)                        -


Financial liabilities
Put option to non-controlling interest shareholders
(Note 31.1)                                                          198,166                     -                     -         198,166 (5)



There are no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year 2025 and comparative year.




                                                                   96
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.2 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

1. Fair value of equity instruments at level 1 is based on quoted market price at the reporting date.
2. The fair value of cash collateral against purchase of a listed equity investment approximates its carrying amount largely due to
  the short-term maturity of this instrument.
3. The fair value of financial derivatives - options were estimated by using Black Scholes Model. The significant observable inputs
  are the volatility of share prices and interest rate.
4. The fair value of the financial derivatives - forward contract was estimated by subtracting the quoted market price at the
  reporting date from the agreed price multiplied with forward number of shares.
5. The fair value of the non-current liability resulting from the put option to non-controlling interest shareholders has been
  determined within level 3 utilizing discounted cash flow method. (Note 31.1).
6. The fair value of Islamic cross currency profit rate swap was estimated using appropriate valuation techniques based on the
  forward profit and currency rates in Bloomberg portal.
7. The fair value of the Group’s investment in funds is obtained from the net asset value (“NAV”) reports received from the funds’
  managers. The funds’ managers deploy various techniques (such as recent round of finance, discounted cash flow models and
  comparables method) for the valuation of underlying financial instruments classified under level 3 of the respective fund's fair
  value hierarchy. STV fund represents the majority Group investment in funds with carrying value of          4,749 million as at 31
  December 2025 (31 December 2024: 3,752). Change in fair values due to increase/(decrease) of 10% in significant unobservable
  inputs embedded in the models used by the STV fund’s manager as follows:


                                    Change in fair value due to increase of 10%        Change in fair value due to decrease of 10%
                                        in significant unobservable inputs                  in significant unobservable inputs
                                          2025                        2024                    2025                     2024

 Multiples                                      113,103                  78,855                  (113,103)                (78,855)
 WACC                                         (57,194)                  (96,424)                   67,207                  111,488
 Exit multiple                                  58,213                   111,203                  (58,213)                (113,775)
 Lack of marketability                       (26,552)                    (11,926)                  26,552                     11,926


The following is a reconciliation of the Group’s investment in these funds which are categorized within Level “3” of the fair value
hierarchy:

                                                                                              2025                     2024

 Net assets value as at 1 January                                                              4,063,687                 3,532,376
 Contributions paid                                                                              364,222                  337,720
 Proceeds from investments liquidation                                                           (19,943)                (189,776)

 Net unrealized gains recognised in profit or loss (Note 40)                                      730,013                 383,367

 Net asset value as at 31 December                                                              5,137,979               4,063,687




                                                                 97
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.2 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost:

The Group believes that the other financial assets and liabilities carried at cost in the consolidated financial statements
approximate their fair value except for the following:



31 December 2025                                    Carrying amount                            Fair value levels
                                                                                Level 1              Level 2               Level 3
Financial assets

Financial assets at amortized cost -
Government Sukuk                                         4,498,591                   -             4,437,621                    -


Financial liabilities
Borrowings – Sukuk                                       4,680,493                   -             4,656,108                    -




31 December 2024                                    Carrying amount                               Fair value
                                                                                Level 1              Level 2               Level 3
Financial assets

Financial assets at amortized cost -
Government Sukuk                                           3,944,113                 -              3,790,937                   -


Financial liabilities
Borrowings – Sukuk                                        4,678,577                  -              4,566,907                   -

Level 2 inputs are based on quoted prices in non-active market.

There are no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year 2025 and comparative year.


42.3 Profit rate risk

The Group’s main profit rate risk arises from borrowings with variable profit margin rates.

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to profit rates for non-derivative instruments at the
end of the financial year. These analyses show the effects of changes in market profit rates on profit and loss. For floating rate
liabilities, the analysis is prepared assuming the amounts outstanding at the end of the year were outstanding for the whole year.
A 100-basis point increase or (decrease) represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in profit rates. If
profit rates had been 100 basis points higher (lower) and all other variables were held constant, the impact on the profit of the
Group would have been (lower) higher by       29 million (2024: the impact on the profit of the Group would have been (lower) higher
by    26 million). This hypothetical effect on profit of the Group primarily arises from potential effect of variable profit financial
liabilities.

The Group periodically monitors the impact of the incremental changes in profit rates and assesses the impact on the Group’s
profitability.


42.4 Foreign currency risk management

Saudi Riyal is considered as the functional currency of the Group which is pegged against the United States Dollar. Therefore, the
Group is only exposed to exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in foreign currencies other than United States
Dollar. The fluctuation in exchange rates against currencies, which are not pegged with Saudi Riyal, are monitored on a continuous
basis. The sensitivity of the changes of   /EUR exchange rates by 1% would have impacted equity by     22 million (2024:     25 million).




                                                                   98
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.5 Credit risk management

The Group has approved guidelines and policies that allows it to only deal with creditworthy counterparties and limits counterparty
exposure. The guidelines and policies allow the Group to invest only with those counterparties that have high investment grade
credit ratings issued by international credit rating agencies and limits the exposure to a single counterparty by stipulation that the
exposure should not exceed 30% of the counterparty’s shareholders’ equity. Further, the Group’s credit risk is monitored on a
quarterly basis.


Other than the concentration of credit risk disclosed in Note 18, concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are
limited given that the Group’s customer consists of a large number of unrelated customers. Payment terms and credit limits are set
in accordance with industry norms.


Ongoing evaluation is performed on the financial condition of trade receivables and contract assets. Management believes there
is no further credit risk provision required in excess of the normal provision for impairment loss (Note 15, 18).


In addition, the Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to financial guarantees given to some subsidiaries with regard to financing
arrangements. The Group’s maximum exposure in this respect is the maximum amount the Group may have to pay if the guarantee
is called on. There is no indication that the Group will incur any loss with respect to its financial guarantees as the date of the
preparation of these consolidated financial statements (Note 44).


The majority of the Group’s cash balances and short-term investments are deposited in: international banks with credit rating
ranging from Baa1 and above and local banks with an investment grade credit rating of Baa3 and above.


The credit rating of the Company’s investments in the Government Sukuk is Aa3 and A+ respectively from Moodys and Fitch as at
31 December 2025 (2024: Aa3 and A+), respectively (Note 16.1). In addition, the Group has investment in BGSM Sukuk, which currently
does not have a credit rating.


42.6 Liquidity risk management

The Group has established a comprehensive liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short,
medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements under the guidelines approved.


The Group ensures its liquidity by maintaining cash reserves, short-term investments and committed undrawn credit facilities with
high credit rated local and international banks. The Group determines its liquidity requirements by continuously monitoring short
and long term cash forecasts in comparison to actual cash flows.


Liquidity is reviewed periodically for the Group and stress tested using various assumptions relating to capital expenditure,
dividends, trade receivable collections and repayment of loans without refinancing.


The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods.
The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities.




                                                                  99
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.6 Liquidity risk management (continued)


                                                                            Undiscounted Cash Flows
                                                                                             Above one year but
                                              Carrying amount          One year or less      less than five years          Above five years


31 December 2025
Trade and other payables (Note 32)                  22,259,436                22,259,436                             -                       -
Borrowings (Note 26)                                 15,191,428                1,109,739                   15,475,840               449,985
Financial liabilities from digital banking
operations (Note 31.1)                                4,244,331                4,244,331                             -                       -
Financial liabilities related to frequency
spectrum licenses (Note 31.1)                         3,803,108                  555,518                    2,251,124             2,034,704
Dividends payable (Note 31.1)                         3,015,050                3,015,050                             -                       -
Lease liabilities (Note 28)                           2,253,230                 577,646                     2,134,372               614,273
Government charges (Note 31.1)                        1,057,987                1,057,987                             -                       -
Islamic cross currency profit rate swap
(Note 31.1)                                              516,686                  50,554                      466,132                        -
Other financial liabilities (Note 31.1)                  711,257                360,085                      452,009                         -


31 December 2024
Trade and other payables (Note 32)                    22,627,472               22,627,472                            -                       -
Borrowings (Note 26)                                  15,131,739                 806,759                   15,589,459               290,733
Dividends payable (Note 31.1)                         3,008,990                3,008,990                             -                       -
Financial liabilities from digital banking
operations (Note 31.1)                                2,360,035                2,360,035                             -                       -
Lease liabilities (Note 28)                            2,164,085                 639,318                     1,266,859                 561,186
Financial liabilities related to frequency
spectrum licenses (Note 31.1)                          1,954,130                 330,318                    1,300,609                  613,127
Government charges (Note 31.1)                         1,102,309                1,102,309                            -                       -
Other financial liabilities (Note 31.1)                  716,959                  129,310                     574,313                   44,118


The Group has unused financing facilities amounting to     15,467 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024:          4,809 million). The Group
expects to meet its obligations from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents from non-banking operations and proceeds
of maturing financial assets.
In accordance with the terms of the agreements with other telecommunication operators, debit and credit balances are settled in
connection to call routing and roaming fees and only the net amounts are settled or collected. Accordingly, the net amounts are
presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:


                                               Gross amounts                   Amounts set off                           Net amounts
 31 December 2025
Financial assets subject to set off                      16,143,268                         (8,965,413)                           7,177,855


Financial liabilities subject to set off                 21,706,227                         (8,965,413)                          12,740,814


 31 December 2024
Financial assets subject to set off                       17,759,312                        (10,709,332)                           7,049,980


Financial liabilities subject to set off                 25,000,578                         (10,709,332)                           14,291,246




                                                                   100
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
42.7 Changes in liabilities arising from financial activities
Changes in liabilities arising from financial activities are as follows:


                                                                                         Non-monetary              31 December
                                          1 January 2025            Cash flows
                                                                                          changes(*)                   2025

  Short-term borrowings                           391,584                   (441,692)             837,268                  787,160

  Lease liabilities current                      593,447                   (857,400)              802,664                   538,711

  Long-term borrowings                         14,740,155                     376,118            (712,005)              14,404,268

  Lease liabilities - non-current               1,570,638                           -             143,881                 1,714,519

                                               17,295,824                  (922,974)             1,071,808              17,444,658



                                                                                         Non-monetary
                                          1 January 2024                 Cash flows       changes(*)             31 December 2024

  Short-term borrowings                          8,315,728                 (2,634,143)          (5,290,001)                 391,584

  Lease liabilities - current                     947,703                    (830,910)            476,654                   593,447

  Long-term borrowings                          13,641,768                    879,453              218,934               14,740,155

  Lease liabilities non - current                3,327,526                           -          (1,756,888)               1,570,638

                                                26,232,725                 (2,585,600)          (6,351,301)              17,295,824


(*) Mainly includes reclassification from non-current to current portion.


42.8 Equity price risk
The Group is exposed to changes in the fair value of equity investments and derivatives associated with such investments. To reduce
the risk associated with variations in fair value and share price, the Group has acquired derivative instruments that hedge the risk
profile of such investments.
The hedge ratio for each designation is established by comparing the quantity of the hedging instrument and the quantity of the
hedged item to determine their relative weighting; for Group’s existing hedge relationships the hedge ratio has been determined
as 1:1.
Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship and through periodic prospective effectiveness
assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument. To test the hedge
effectiveness, the Group compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument against the changes in fair value of the
hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.
The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from a change in the credit risk of the counterparty with the hedging instrument.




                                                                   101
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

43. COMMITMENTS

   1.   One of the Group’s subsidiaries has an agreement to invest in a fund aiming to improve the telecommunication and
        internet environment for     553 million (equivalent to USD 147.5 million) as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:      553
        million (equivalent to USD 147.5 million ) (Note 6.15).


   2.   During the year 2022, the Company signed an agreement with STV LP Fund to allocate an additional                 1,125 million
        (equivalent to USD 300 million) additional investment in the fund out of which          866 million (equivalent to USD 231
        million) was injected as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:      555 million - equivalent to USD 148 million).


   3.   The Group has contractual commitments amounting to          9,488 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:      7,322
        million).


44. CONTINGENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

   1.   The Group has outstanding letters of guarantee on behalf of the parent and its subsidiaries amounting to        4,828 million
        as at 31 December 2025 (2024:     4,993 million).

   2.   The Group has outstanding letters of credit as at 31 December 2025 amounting to        1,948 million (2024:   1,654 million).

   3.   On 21 March 2016, the Company received a letter from a key customer requesting a refund for paid balances amounting
        to   742 million related to construction of a fiber optic network. Based on independent legal opinions obtained, the
        management believes that the customer’s claim has no merit and therefore this claim has no material impact on the
        financial results of the Group.

   4.   The Group, in its ordinary course of business, is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. However, these matters
        are not expected to have any material impact on the Group’s financial position or on the results of its operations as
        reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


   5.   In April 2017, Kuwait’s Cassation Court invalidated a portion of the regulatory tariff decree levied on mobile
        telecommunication companies in Kuwait since 26 July 2011 by Kuwait’s Ministry of Communications. Accordingly, stc
        Kuwait had filed a claim for the recovery of the excess amount paid from change in regulation date till reporting date.

        stc Kuwait initiated legal proceedings against the Ministry of Communications ("MOC") and the Communications and
        Information Technology Regulatory Authority ("CITRA") in connection with the aforementioned matter. The dispute was
        resolved upon the issuance of a final judgment by the Court of Cassation in favor of stc Kuwait, ordering the authorities
        to pay a sum of    221 million (equivalent to KD 18 Million) , which was received by stc Kuwait in previous years.

        On 22 December 2024, the Ministry of Communications ("MOC") and the Communications and Information Technology
        Regulatory Authority ("CITRA") (collectively, the "Plaintiff") filed a lawsuit before the First Court of Instance against stc
        Kuwait ("Defendant"), seeking the reimbursement of the amounts previously adjudicated in the aforementioned case,
        asserting a claim for unjust enrichment where the plaintiff overpaid the claim amount.

        On 24 March 2025, the Court of First Instance issued a favorable judgment in stc Kuwait favor. The matter is currently
        under review before the Court of Appeal.

        On 11 November 2025, the Ministry of Communications ("MOC") filed an appeal against the judgment before the Court of
        Cassation, and as of the reporting date, no hearing has been scheduled to consider the appeal.




                                                                  102
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

45. EMPLOYEES LONG-TERM INCENTIVES PROGRAM
45.1 Group’s long-term incentives program

    The Board of Directors approved on 17 March 2020 (corresponding to 22 Rajab 1441H) to repurchase a number of the Company’s
    shares for an amount not to exceed       300 million to be allocated for the employees’ long-term incentives program (the
    Program). The Board raised its recommendation to the EGA to approve the Program and to repurchase the shares. The EGA has
    voted on the approval of this Program during its meeting held on 20 April 2020 (corresponding to 27 Shaban 1441 H). The shares
    repurchased under this approval were fully granted to employees, totalling 7,457 thousand shares (2,983 thousand shares prior
    to the capital increase), during the second quarter of 2025.

    The Board of Directors approved on 28 June 2022 (corresponding to 29 Thul-Qi’dah 1443H) to repurchase a number of the
    Company’s shares for an amount not to exceed      453 million to be allocated for the Program and to raise its recommendation
    to the EGA for voting. Further, the shares shall be repurchased within 12 months from EGA’s approval date. The EGA has voted
    on the approval during its meeting held on 30 August 2022 (corresponding to 3 Safar 1444H).

    The Board of Directors recomnded in its meeting on 31 December 2025 (corresponding to 11 Rajab 1447H) to buy-back 26 million
    of the Company’s shares to be allocated for the Program and to raise its recommendation to the EGA for voting.

    The shares repurchased or to be repurchased will not have the right to vote in the Company’s shareholders General Assembly,
    and will not be entitled to any dividends while the shares still under the Company's possession.

    The Program intends to attract, motivate and retain employees responsible for the achievement of the Group’s goals and
    strategy. The Program provides a share-based payment plan for eligible employees participating in the Program by granting
    them shares in the Company upon completing the duration of service and performance requirements and achieving the targets
    determined by the Group. The program is generally equity-settled.
    The grant and vesting dates, respectively are as follows:


                                                         Tranche 1                 Tranche 2                       Tranche 3

     Cycle 1                                     July 2020 / July 2021      July 2021/ May 2022             May 2022/ May 2023

     Cycle 2                                     July 2021/ May 2022        May 2022/ May 2023              May 2023/ May 2024

     Cycle 3                                     May 2022/ May 2023         May 2023/ May 2024              May 2024/ May 2025

     Cycle 4                                     May 2023/ May 2024         May 2024/ May 2025              May 2025/ May 2026

     Cycle 5                                     May 2024/ May 2025         May 2025/ May 2026              May 2026/ May 2027

     Cycle 6                                     May 2025 / May 2026        May 2026 / May 2027             May 2027 / May 2028

    The following table shows the shares granted and outstanding at the beginning and ending of the reporting period:


                                                                                          2025                           2024

     At the beginning of the year                                                                  3,918                           2,978

     Shares granted during the year   (*)
                                                                                                   3,184                           3,350
     Shares vested during the year                                                                (2,882)                       (2,410)

     At the end of the year                                                                        4,220                           3,918


     (*) The number of shares granted has been updated to reflect the number of shares actually granted to eligible executives
     participating in the program who met all the conditions of granting.

     The fair value was calculated based on the market price after deducting the expected dividends per share on the grant date
     During the year 2025, the average fair value of shares granted during the year amounted to     41.05 per share (2024:      36.3 per
     share). Total expenses related to the Program for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to          133.5 million (2024:     104.9
     million) which were included as part of employees’ benefits expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with the
     corresponding amount recorded under other reserves within equity in accordance with the requirements of International
     Financial Reporting Standard (2): Share-based Payment.




                                                                103
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

45. EMPLOYEES LONG-TERM INCENTIVES PROGRAM (CONTINUED)
45.2 Subsidiary’s long-term incentives program

    1% of the share capital of Solutions has been allocated to be granted as part of its own employees’ long-term incentive
    program out of which 0.36% has been vested as at 31 December 2025 (2024: 0.17%) (Note 6). The total expense in relation to this
    program for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to        10 million (2024:     9.1 million).


46. DIVIDENDS

    For the periods starting from 4th quarter of 2021 until the 3rd quarter of 2024, the Company had an approved dividends policy
    based on maintaining a minimum dividend of       0.40 per share on a quarterly basis.

    On 20 Safar 1446H (corresponding to 24 August 2024), the Board of Directors approved the Company’s dividends distribution
    policy for the next three years. The dividends distribution policy was approved by the General Assembly during the meeting
    held on 4 Jumada al-Ula 1446 (corresponding to 6 November 2024).

    The Company’s dividends policy is based on maintaining a minimum dividend of          0.55 per share per quarter for the next three
    years starting from the dividends distribution of the 4th quarter of 2024 until the 3rd quarter of 2027. Further, the Company may
    consider paying special dividends after the assessment of the Company's financial position, future outlook, strategic
    investments and capital expenditure requirements subject to the General Assembly’s recommendation.

    In line with this policy, the Company distributed cash dividends to the shareholders of the Company for the fourth quarter of
    2024, first quarter of 2025, second quarter of 2025 and third quarter of 2025 at a rate of      0.55 per share. On 13 May 2025, the
    General Assembly approved the board of directors’ recommendation to distribute special cash dividends for the year 2024 at
    the rate of   2 per share.

    In line with this policy, the Company will also distribute cash dividends to the shareholders of the Company for the fourth
    quarter of 2025 at a rate of   0.55 per share.

    The dividends distribution policy remains subject to change based on any material changes in stc’s strategy and business or
    regulatory requirements applicable to the Company, or banking agreements.

    Treasury shares allocated to the employee long-term incentives program are not entitled for any dividends during the period
    while the shares are still under the Company's possession.


47. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

    -    On 6 January 2026, the Company announced its intention to issue international Trust Certificates (sukuk) denominated in
         U.S. dollars under a new USD 5 billion international Trust Certificate (sukuk) issuance programme based on the approval
         of the Company’s board of directors obtained on 30 September 2025.
         On 15 January 2026, The Company has completed the issuance of the Trust Certificates (sukuk) in two tranches: USD 750
         million for 5 years and USD 1,250 million for 10 years. The issuance was through an offshore special purpose vehicle
         established outside the Kingdom for this purpose.


    -    On 8 February 2026, the Company announced project award with Syrian Sovereign Fund for the implementation of
         telecommunications infrastructure project “Silklink” in Syrian Arab Republic (Syria) to enhance telecommunications
         infrastructure and connect Syria regionally and internationally through the establishment of a fiber optic network
         extending over 4,500 kilometers, in addition to the development of data centers and international submarine cable
         landing stations.
         The project will be through a partnership with the Syrian Sovereign Fund, in which stc will hold a 75% stake, while the
         Syrian Sovereign Fund will hold 25%. The project value is amounting to        3,000 million.




                                                                 104
Saudi Telecom Company
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(All amounts in Saudi Riyals thousands unless otherwise stated)

48. COMPARATIVE FIGURES

Certain figures have been reclassified to conform with the classification used for the year ended 31 December 2025 and have no
impact on previously reported net profit, retained earnings or net assets. The main reclassifications are as follows::


                                                                      As previously           Amount of              Amount after
                                                                        reported           reclassification        reclassification
 Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
 December 2024


 Intangible assets and goodwill                                            14,954,413                208,319               15,162,732
 Financial assets and others - non current                                 15,316,935                (186,314)             15,130,621
 Financial assets and others – current                                     10,019,255                (22,005)              9,997,250



 Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended
 31 December 2024


 Cost of revenues                                                        (38,593,003)                  25,514            (38,567,489)
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment                                (9,499,963)                (25,514)             (9,525,477)



49. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 on 29 Sha’aban 1447H
(corresponding to 17 February 2026).




                                                                105
