Emirates Integrated Telecommunications
Company PJSC and its subsidiaries

Consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                      Page(s)

Independent auditor’s report                            1–5


Consolidated statement of financial position               6


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income             7


Consolidated statement of changes in equity                8


Consolidated statement of cash flows                       9


Notes to the consolidated financial statements        10 – 61
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Emirates
Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together
the “Group”), as at 31 December 2024 and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

What we have audited

The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise:

●       the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024;
●       the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
●       the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
●       the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
●       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information
        and other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
(the” IESBA Code”) and the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
in the United Arab Emirates. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the IESBA Code.


Our audit approach
Overview

Key Audit Matters                    ●    Revenue recognition due to complexity of related IT systems



As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the
consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future
events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of
internal controls, including among other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented
a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.




PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership Dubai Branch, License no. 102451
Emaar Square, Building 5, P O Box 11987, Dubai - United Arab Emirates
T: +971 (0)4 304 3100, F: +971 (0)4 346 9150, www.pwc.com/me


                                                                                                                      (1)
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Emirates
Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (continued)

Our audit approach (continued)
Overview (continued)

We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes
and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key audit matter

Revenue recognition due to complexity
of related IT systems                                      We performed audit procedures over this significant risk
                                                           area, which included a combination of tests of controls and
                                                           substantive procedures as described below:
The Group reported revenue of AED 14.6 billion from
telecommunication and related activities during the        •   Obtained an understanding of the various significant
year ended 31 December 2024.                                   revenue streams and identified the relevant controls,
                                                               IT systems, interfaces and reports;
We considered this area to be a matter of significance,
                                                           •   Assessed the Group's revenue accounting policies,
as there is an inherent risk around the recognition of
                                                               including the key judgments and estimates applied by
revenue in telecommunication services given that
                                                               management in consideration of the requirements of
revenue is processed by complex information
                                                               IFRS 15;
technology (“IT”) systems, involving large volumes of
                                                           •   Placed reliance on the Group’s IT systems and key
data with a combination of different products, services,
                                                               internal controls. We involved our internal IT specialists
and related prices.
                                                               to test the IT general controls and application controls
                                                               connected with the processing of transactions of
A significant portion of our audit effort was directed
                                                               significant revenue streams;
towards this area as we placed high reliance on the
                                                           •   Performed automated and manual controls testing,
Group’s IT systems and key internal controls, which is
                                                               and substantive procedures to verify the accuracy and
a normal practice for an audit of a large
                                                               occurrence of revenue. This included testing the end-
telecommunications business.
                                                               to end reconciliations from data records extracted from
                                                               source systems to the billing systems and to the
Refer to Notes 2.2 and 3.18 for the critical accounting
                                                               general ledger, and testing of key manual controls
judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty,
                                                               applied by the Group’s revenue assurance team;
and material accounting policies made by
                                                           •   Performed independently generated events test using
management, respectively. Details of the Group’s
                                                               various parameters to ascertain those instances will
revenue are disclosed in Note 34 to the consolidated
                                                               accurately be processed through the network elements
financial statements.
                                                               and recognized appropriately;
                                                           •   Performed additional substantive procedures in
                                                               instances where control weaknesses were identified to
                                                               assess accuracy and occurrence of revenue;
                                                           •   Used data analytics tools to identify, based on risk
                                                               criteria, revenue-related manual journals posted to the
                                                               general ledger and traced them to source
                                                               documentation; and
                                                           •   Assessed the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in
                                                               respect to revenue.




                                                                                                                      (2)
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Emirates
Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (continued)

Other information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Board of Directors’ Report
(but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior
to the date of this auditor’s report, and the Group’s Annual Report, which is expected to be made available to us after
that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s
report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Group’s Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required
to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.



Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the
consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and their preparation in compliance with the applicable provisions of the
UAE Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021 and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                                      (3)
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Emirates
Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by management.
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
    exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
    financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
    the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
    the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
    of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
    statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
    of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                                    (4)
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Emirates
Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (continued)

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Further, as required by the UAE Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021, we report that:
i)      we have obtained all the information we considered necessary for the purposes of our audit;
ii)     the consolidated financial statements have been prepared and comply, in all material respects, with the
        applicable provisions of the UAE Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021;
iii)    the Group has maintained proper books of account;
iv)     the financial information included in the Board of Directors’ Report is consistent with the books of account of
        the Group;
v)      as disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements the Group has made an additional investment
        in the share capital of EITC Financial Services LLC during the year ended 31 December 2024;
vi)     Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements discloses material related party transactions, and the terms
        under which they were conducted;
vii)    based on the information that has been made available to us, nothing has come to our attention which causes
        us to believe that the Group has contravened during the year ended 31 December 2024 any of the applicable
        provisions of the UAE Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021, or in respect of the Company, its Articles of
        Association which would materially affect its activities or its financial position as at 31 December 2024; and
viii)   Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements discloses the social contributions made during the year ended
        31 December 2024.



PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership Dubai Branch

10 February 2025




Virendra Dhirajlal Lodhia
Registered Auditor Number 5443
Dubai, United Arab Emirates




                                                                                                                   (5)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income


                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                2024              2023
                                                              Note         AED 000             AED 000
Revenue                                                        34          14,635,917          13,636,340

Operating expenses                                             27         (10,059,524)         (9,793,238)
Expected credit losses (net of recoveries)                                   (261,268)           (242,619)
Other income                                                                    3,468                 841
Federal royalty on regulated revenue                           23.1                -           (1,400,199)
Finance income                                                 28              79,930              61,327
Finance costs                                                  28             (89,945)           (101,430)
Share of loss on investment accounted for using the            10
equity method                                                                   (2,427)            (2,720)
Profit before federal royalty on profit and corporate
 income tax                                                                 4,306,151           2,158,302
Federal royalty on regulated profit                            23.1           104,233            (490,451)
Federal royalty on profit                                      23.2        (1,675,882)                  -
Corporate income tax                                           23.2          (246,955)                  -
Profit for the year                                                         2,487,547           1,667,851

Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that will not be re‐classified to profit or loss
Fair value changes on financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                           11                 (612)            (1,571)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on defined benefit obligations           20                7,403            (14,663)
Related corporate income tax                                   23.2               (615)                 -
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                   6,176            (16,234)

Total comprehensive income for the year
 attributable to shareholders of the Company                                2,493,723           1,651,617

Basic and diluted earnings per share (AED)                     29                 0.55               0.37




The notes on pages 10 to 61 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.           (7)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Consolidated statement of changes in equity




                                      Share            Share           Other        Retained
                                     capital        premium          reserves       earnings         Total
                                    AED 000         AED 000         AED 000         AED 000        AED 000

At 1 January 2023                   4,532,906        232,332        2,126,590      1,878,324       8,770,152
Profit for the year                         -              -                -      1,667,851       1,667,851
Fair value changes on financial
 asset at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                 -                -         (1,571)                 -      (1,571)
Actuarial loss on defined
 benefit obligations                        -                -               -        (14,663)      (14,663)
Total comprehensive (loss)/
 income for the year                        -                -         (1,571)     1,653,188       1,651,617
Transfer to other reserves                  -                -        126,012        (126,012)             -
Final cash dividend paid                    -                -              -        (589,278)     (589,278)
Interim cash dividend paid                  -                -              -        (589,278)     (589,278)
At 31 December 2023                 4,532,906        232,332        2,251,031      2,226,944       9,243,213

At 1 January 2024                   4,532,906        232,332        2,251,031      2,226,944       9,243,213
Profit for the year                         -              -                -      2,487,547       2,487,547
Fair value changes on financial
 asset at fair value through
 other comprehensive income –
 net of tax                                 -                -           (557)                 -       (557)
Actuarial gain on defined
 benefit obligations – net of tax           -                -              -           6,733          6,733
Total comprehensive (loss)/
 income for the year                        -                -           (557)     2,494,280       2,493,723
Transfer to other reserves                  -              -                -               -              -
Final cash dividend paid (1)                -              -                -       (951,910)       (951,910)
Interim cash dividend paid (2)              -              -                -       (906,581)       (906,581)
At 31 December 2024                 4,532,906        232,332        2,250,474      2,862,733       9,878,445

(1)
  For the year 2023, a final cash dividend of AED 0.21 (2022: AED 0.13) per share amounting to
AED 951,910 thousand was paid on 18 April 2024.
(2)
  For the period 2024, an interim cash dividend AED 0.20 (2023: AED 0.13) per share amounting to
AED 906,581 thousand was paid on 19 August 2024.

For the year 2024, a final cash dividend of AED 0.34 per share amounting to AED 1,541,188 thousand is
proposed.




The notes on pages 10 to 61 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.            (8)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC
Consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                                                   Note          AED 000                 AED 000
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year                                                              2,487,547              1,667,851
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment        6          1,569,189              1,544,182
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 7            374,505                445,042
  Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                    8            209,896                209,053
  Service cost for employees’ end of service benefits                20             21,451                 19,753
  Charge/(release) of allowance for inventory obsolescence           14              8,874                   (970)
  Loss allowances                                                                  293,255                273,573
  Finance income                                                     28            (79,930)               (61,327)
  Finance costs                                                      28             89,945                101,430
  Share of loss on investment accounted for using the equity
  method                                                             10              2,427                  2,720
  Federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax                             1,922,837                      -
  Changes in other operating assets and liabilities                  30           (359,291)             1,942,655
Cash generated from operations                                                   6,540,705              6,143,962
Royalty paid on regulated activities                                 23         (1,928,939)            (1,687,899)
Payment of employees’ end of service benefits                        20            (21,916)               (30,697)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                    4,589,850              4,425,366

Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                       (1,508,948)            (1,899,868)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                     (363,611)              (327,690)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                874                    685
Interest received                                                                   75,176                 44,992
Margin on guarantees placed                                                            (66)                     -
Net change in term deposits matured/(placed)                                        27,319               (652,319)
Net cash used in investing activities                                           (1,769,256)            (2,834,200)

Cash flows from financing activities
Dividends paid                                                                  (1,858,491)            (1,178,556)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (524,252)              (593,690)
Interest paid on lease liabilities                                   18            (63,671)               (78,696)
Interest paid others                                                                  (313)                (1,269)
Net cash used in financing activities                                           (2,446,727)            (1,852,211)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               373,867               (261,045)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                             607,690                868,735
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                             17            981,557                607,690


Non-cash transactions are disclosed in Note 30 of the consolidated financial statements.




The notes on pages 10 to 61 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                 (9)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024
1       General information

Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (“the Company”) is a public joint stock company
with limited liability. The Company was incorporated according to Ministerial Resolution No. 479 of 2005
issued on 28 December 2005. The Company is registered in the commercial register under No. 77967. The
principal address of the Company is P.O Box 502666 Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE). These
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 include the financial statements of
the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”).

The Group’s principal objective is to provide fixed, mobile, wholesale, broadcasting and associated
telecommunication services in the UAE. During the year, the Group has invested additional share capital
in EITC Financial Services LLC.

At the end of 2024, the Company has either direct or indirect ownership in the following subsidiaries:


                                                                                              Country of
Subsidiaries                       Principal activities                      Shareholding   incorporation
                                                                             2024 2023
EITC Investment Holdings           Holding investments in various            100%   100%         UAE
Limited                            businesses.

Telco Operations FZ-LLC            Outsourcing services                      100%   100%         UAE

Smart Dubai Platform Project       Software development, IT                  100%   100%         UAE
Company LLC                        infrastructure, IT network and
                                   computer systems housing services.

EITC Singapore Pte. Ltd.           Telecommunications resellers/third        100%   100%      Singapore
                                   party telecommunications providers.

EITC Solutions LLC                 Computer network & infrastructure         100%   100%         UAE
                                   installation, project management, IT
                                   network and datacenter colocation
                                   services.

EITC Financial Services LLC        Financial services company hosting        100%   100%         UAE
                                   digital wallet, retail payment, service
                                   provision brokerage and loyalty card
                                   services.




                                                                                                     (10)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
2       Basis of preparation

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) and complies with the applicable requirements of the
UAE Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared
under the historical cost convention except for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income (“FVOCI”) that have been measured at fair value. The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
accounting policies.

(i)     Functional and presentation currency
The individual financial statements of each of the Group’s subsidiaries, associates and joint venture are
presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which they operate (its functional
currency) as provided in Note 3.17.

(ii)    Basis of consolidation
A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the Company. The financial statements of a subsidiary are included
in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control
ceases.

(iii)    Going concern
The Directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation
that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus,
they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial
statements.

2.1    New standards, amendments and interpretations

a)    New and amended standards adopted by the Group

The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time for their annual reporting period
commencing 1 January 2024:

•     Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current;
•     Amendment to IFRS 16 - Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback;
•     Amendments to IAS 1 - Non-current liabilities with covenants; and
•     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 - Supplier Finance Arrangements.

The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognized in prior periods and
are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




                                                                                                        (11)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
2.        Basis of preparation (continued)

2.1       New standards, amendments and interpretations (continued)

(b)       New standards and interpretations not yet adopted by the Group

As at 31 December 2024, the following standards, amendments and interpretations have not been effective
and have not been early adopted. These standards, amendments or interpretations are not expected to have
a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
transactions.

      •    Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability (effective from 1 January 2025);
      •    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
           Financial Instruments (effective from 1 January 2026);
      •    Annual Improvement to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11(effective from 1 January
           2026);
      •    IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective from 1 January 2027);
           and
      •    IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures (effective from 1 January
           2027).

Management is in the process of assessing the impact of these new standards and amendments which will
be adopted in the Group’s consolidated financial statements as and when they become effective.




                                                                                                     (12)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
2.      Basis of preparation (continued)

2.2     Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management is required to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other
factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities within the next financial year, are disclosed below:

Critical accounting judgements

(i)     Asset retirement obligations

The Group exercises judgement in determining the expected cash outflows related to its asset retirement
obligations.

The present value of the Group’s provision is based on management’s best estimate of the future cash
outflows required to settle the obligations, discounted using appropriate discount rate. Additional
information on this provision is disclosed in Note 21.

(ii)    Allocation of the transaction price

Products with multiple deliverables that have value to customers on a stand-alone basis are defined as
multiple element arrangements. The transaction price for these contracts is allocated to the performance
obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

Management estimates the stand-alone selling price at contract inception based on observable prices of the
type of goods to be provided and the services rendered in similar circumstances to similar customers. If a
discount is granted, it is allocated to performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling
prices. Where the stand-alone selling prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on
expected cost-plus margin.




                                                                                                            (13)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
2       Basis of preparation (continued)
2.2     Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

(iii)   Determining the lease term

In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods
after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended
(or not terminated). The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in
circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is within the control of the lessee.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

(i)     Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables, due from related parties and contract
        assets

The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on its trade receivables,
due from related parties and contract assets. The approach for calculating ECL is provided in Note 3.16.1.

(ii)    Provision for impairment of other financial assets

For all other financial assets, the Group calculates ECL using the general approach. The Group measures
the loss allowance as provided in Note 3.16.1.

(iii)   Impairment of goodwill

The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit (“CGU”) has been determined based on value-in-use
calculations. These calculations are performed internally by the management and require the use of
estimates and assumptions. The input factors most sensitive to change are management estimates of future
cash flows based on budgets, growth rates and discount rate. Further details on these assumptions have been
disclosed in Note 8.

(iv)    Useful lives of property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of the Group’s asset base. Therefore, the
judgements made in determining their estimated useful lives and residual values are critical to the Group’s
financial position and performance.

In determining residual values, the Group uses historical sales and management’s best estimate based on
market prices of similar items. Useful lives of property, plant and equipment are based on management
estimates and take into account historical experience with similar assets, the expected usage of the asset,
physical wear and tear, technical or commercial obsolescence and legal restrictions on the use of the assets.
The useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are provided in Note 3.2.




                                                                                                            (14)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
2       Basis of preparation (continued)

2.2     Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

(v)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are assessed for impairment based on assessment of
cash flows on individual CGUs when there is indication of impairment. Management did not identify any
impairment indicators in the current or prior year for individual CGUs. However, management identified
certain individual items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for which future economic
benefit is not expected and, accordingly, recorded an impairment and the detail of which are provided in
Notes 6 and 8.

(vi)    Discounting of lease payments

The lease payments are usually discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) or the
rate implicit in the lease, if readily determinable. For calculation of IBR, the Group has taken the interest
rate from external sources which is then adjusted for Group’s specific risk, term risk and underlying asset
risk.


3       Summary of material accounting policies

The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
set out below:

3.1     Consolidation

(a)     Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities
incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between Group companies are
eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed where necessary to ensure
consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
                                                                                                            (15)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.1     Consolidation (continued)

(b)    Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries

Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control
over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s interests
and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the
subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and
the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to the
owners of the Group.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognized in the statement of comprehensive
income. All amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary
are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary.

The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded
as the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an
investment in an associate or a joint venture or financial asset.

3.2     Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the assets. Subsequent
costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a
separate asset is derecognized when replaced.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of
their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
                                                                                                     Years

Buildings                                                                                                 25
Plant and equipment
 Network civil works/buildings                                                                        10-25
 Infrastructure                                                                                        3-25
 IT hardware                                                                                           3-10
 Mobile network                                                                                        8-10
 Fixed network                                                                                         2-10
 Broadcasting                                                                                           5-7
Furniture and fixtures                                                                                  3-5
Motor vehicles                                                                                            4

The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
reporting period on a prospective basis. Property, plant and equipment are assessed for impairment annually
as per non-financial assets impairment policy given in Note 3.16.2.



                                                                                                           (16)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3     Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.2      Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Capital work in progress includes assets which are under construction or inspection pending certification
for their intended use and are stated at cost net of any accumulated impairment losses. When available for
use, capital work in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance
with the Group’s policies. No depreciation is charged on such assets until available for use.

3.3      Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases. The Group recognizes
lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying
assets.

i) Right-of-use assets

The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the
underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of
right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease
payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets
are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the
assets, as follows:
                                                                                                          Years
  Land and buildings                                                                                         1-30
  Furniture and fixtures - space                                                                             8-13

Right-of-use assets are assessed for impairment annually as per non-financial assets impairment policy
detailed in Note 3.16.2.

ii) Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value
of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including
in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
an index or a rate.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if
there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future
payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payment).


                                                                                                             (17)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.3     Leases (continued)

Group as a lessor

The Group also enters into lease agreements as a lessor. Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified
as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified
as operating leases.

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sub-lease as two separate
contracts. The sub-lease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset
arising from the head lease.

Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as lease receivables at the amount of the
Group’s net investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to
reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group regularly reviews the estimated unguaranteed residual value
and applies the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, recognizing an allowance for expected credit losses
on the lease receivables.

Finance lease income is calculated with reference to the gross carrying amount of the lease receivables,
except for credit-impaired financial assets for which interest income is calculated with reference to their
amortized cost (i.e., after a deduction of the loss allowance).

3.4     Intangible assets

Goodwill

Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries or businesses and represents the excess of the
consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-
date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets
acquired.

Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is
compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of
disposal. Any impairment is recognized immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.

Telecommunications license

Telecommunications license is shown at historical cost. The license has a finite useful life and is carried at
cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate
the cost of the license over their estimated useful lives as shown below:

                                                                                                           Years
Telecommunications license                                                                                    20



                                                                                                              (18)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.4     Intangible assets (continued)

Computer software

Acquired computer software are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use
the specific software. These costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives of three to five years.
Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognized as an expense as
incurred.

Capital work in progress includes assets which are under development or inspection pending certification
for their intended use and are stated at cost net of any accumulated impairment losses. When available for
use, capital work in progress is transferred to software in use and amortized in accordance with the Group’s
policies. No amortization is charged on such assets until available for use.

3.5     Associate and joint venture

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint
control over those policies. A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have
joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the
contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

The Group’s investment in its associate and joint venture are accounted for using the equity method.

Under the equity method, the investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognized at cost.
The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognize changes in the Group’s share of net assets
of the associate or joint venture since the acquisition date. The changes are recognized in profit or loss.
Any change in Other Comprehensive Income (“OCI”) of those investees is presented as part of the Group’s
OCI.

The financial statements of the associate or joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the
Group. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the
Group.

At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the
associate or joint venture is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of
impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its
carrying value, and then recognizes the impairment loss in the statement of comprehensive income.

Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value.




                                                                                                        (19)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.5     Associate and joint venture (continued)

Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant
influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
recognized in profit or loss.
3.6     Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost comprises direct materials and
where applicable, directs labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the
inventories to their present location and condition. It excludes borrowing costs. Allowance is made, where
appropriate, for deterioration and obsolescence. Cost is determined in accordance with the weighted
average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of
completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

3.7     Contract assets

A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer.
If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the consideration is received
or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognized. Contract assets are recognized initially at fair value
and subsequently measured at amortized cost using effective interest rate method, less provision for
impairment.


3.8     Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
ordinary course of business. If the contractual collection date is in one year or less, they are classified as
current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are recognized initially at
fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using effective interest rate method, less provision
for impairment.

3.9     Contract liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays
consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognized
when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognized
as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.

3.10    Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances comprise cash balances and call deposits with original maturities of three months
or less from date of placement. Bank overdrafts, if any that are repayable on demand and form an integral
part of the Group’s cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                                                                                            (20)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.11    Financial instruments

3.11.1 Non-derivative financial assets

Classification, initial recognition and measurement

The Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets measured at amortized costs and financial assets
at fair value through other comprehensive income. The classification of financial assets at initial
recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business
model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant
financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, the Group initially
measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables are measured at the transaction price determined under
IFRS 15. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
elect to designate the equity investment at FVOCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment
basis.

(a)     Financial assets measured at amortized cost

Financial assets measured at amortized cost applies to instruments for which the Group has a business
model to hold the financial asset to collect the contractual cash flows. The characteristics of the contractual
cash flows are that of solely payments of the principal amount and interest (referred to as solely payments
of principal and interest).

Financial assets measured at amortized costs are included in current assets, except for maturities greater
than 12 months after the end of the reporting period which are then classified as non-current assets. The
Group’s financial assets measured at amortized costs comprise trade and other receivables, contract assets,
due from related parties, term deposits and cash and bank balances in the consolidated statement of
financial position.

(b)     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

FVOCI is the classification for instruments for which Group has a dual business model, i.e., the business
model is achieved by both holding the financial asset to collect the contractual cash flows and through the
sale of the financial assets. The characteristics of the contractual cash flows of instruments in this category
must still be solely payments of principal and interest. The Group elected to classify irrevocably its listed
equity investments under this category.

Subsequent measurement

Financial assets measured at amortized cost

Financial assets measured at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method
and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.




                                                                                                           (21)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3        Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.11     Financial instruments (continued)

3.11.1   Non-derivative financial assets (continued)

(b)      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)

Subsequent measurement (continued)

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

Gains and losses on these equity instruments are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss following
its derecognition. Dividends are recognized as other income in the statement of comprehensive income
when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a
recovery of part of the cost of the equity instruments, in which case such gains are recorded in OCI.
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not
reported separately from other changes in fair value.

3.11.2 Non-derivative financial liabilities

The Group non-derivative financial liabilities include borrowings, due to related parties and trade and other
payables in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Such financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the
effective interest rate method. The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations
are discharged or cancelled or expired.

3.11.3 Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of
financial position if, and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
simultaneously.

3.12     Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

3.13     Dividend on ordinary shares

Dividends payable on ordinary shares are recognized as a liability in the period in which they are approved
by the Group’s shareholders.




                                                                                                               (22)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.14    Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event,
it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount can be
reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-
tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
obligation. The increase in provision due to the passage of time is recognized as finance costs in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Asset retirement obligations

This provision relates to the estimate of the cost of dismantling and removing an item of property, plant and
equipment and restoring the site on which the item was located to its original condition.

3.15    Employee benefits

Payments made to state-managed pension schemes are dealt with as payments to defined contribution
schemes where the Group’s obligations under the schemes are equivalent to those arising in a defined
contribution scheme. Accordingly, the cost of contribution is charged to the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income as incurred.

Provision for employees’ end of service benefits for non-UAE nationals is made in accordance with UAE
Labour Law. The provision is calculated in accordance with the Projected Unit Credit method as per IAS 19
‘Employee Benefits’ taking into consideration the UAE Labour Law.

The present value of the defined benefit obligations is calculated using assumptions on the average annual
rate of increase in salaries, average period of employment of non-UAE nationals and an appropriate discount
rate. The assumptions used are calculated on a consistent basis for each period and reflect management’s best
estimate.

The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the defined benefit obligation. This cost is
included in finance costs in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions
are recognized in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income. They are included
in retained earnings in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and in the consolidated statement of
financial position. Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan
amendments or curtailments are recognized immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.

Provision is also made for the estimated liability for employees' unused entitlements to annual leave and
flights as a result of services rendered by eligible employees up to the reporting date. The provision relating
to annual leave and air passage is disclosed as a current liability, while that relating to end of service benefits
is disclosed as a non-current liability. The Group also provides discount on mobile, fixed line charges and
devices to employees for official and personal purposes. This benefit is not separately accounted for as staff
costs.

                                                                                                               (23)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.16    Impairment

3.16.1 Financial assets

The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized
cost. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at the end of each reporting period to reflect changes
in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

(a)     Measurement of lifetime ECL on trade and lease receivables, due from related parties and contract
        assets

The Group recognizes lifetime ECL for trade and lease receivables, due from related parties and contract
assets using the simplified approach. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated
using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the
forecast direction of general economic conditions at the reporting date.

The Group evaluates the ECL for its trade and lease receivables, due from related parties and contract
assets based on probability of default using the Group’s historical information adjusted with forward
looking collection factors.

Periodic impairment losses based on the above debt flow rates are adjusted against security deposit and
any other legally binding offsets at customer level. Provision for impairment is also taken on unbilled
receivables based on the applicable rate.

In addition, an allowance for impairment loss may be considered for a financial asset on case-by-case basis
based on specific information, company risk profile, market conditions and any other relevant information.

(b)     Measurement of ECL on term deposits, bank balances and other financial assets

Impairment for terms deposits and bank balances is based on probability of default, calculated on the basis
of ratings provided by credit rating agencies (e.g., Fitch, Moody’s, etc.) of each bank and Loss Given
Default driven by rating from reputable financial institutions.

For all other financial assets, the Group recognizes lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase
in credit risk since initial recognition. If, on the other hand, the credit risk on the financial instrument has
not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12 months ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should
be recognized is based on significant increase in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial
recognition instead of evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the end of the reporting period
or an actual default occurring.




                                                                                                            (24)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.16    Impairment (continued)

3.16.2 Non-financial assets

Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets, property, plant and equipment
(including capital work in progress) not ready to use are not subject to amortization/depreciation and are
tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortization/depreciation are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of
disposal and value in use.

For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are largely
independent cash inflows. Prior impairments of non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for
possible reversal at each reporting date.

3.17    Foreign currency translation

(a)     Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the Group operates (“the functional currency”). The consolidated financial
statements are presented in AED which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. The figures
have been rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise stated.

(b)     Transactions and balances

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within finance income or costs.

For the purpose of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
foreign operations are translated at exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date. Income and expense
items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used.
Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a
foreign exchange translation reserve. Since the presentation currency of the Group and its subsidiaries is
AED or USD which is pegged to AED, there is no foreign currency translation reserve at reporting date.

3.18    Revenue recognition

IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers established a single comprehensive model for entities to
use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.



                                                                                                          (25)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.18    Revenue recognition (continued)

The core principle of IFRS 15 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

The standard introduces a 5-step approach to revenue recognition:

Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
Step 3: Determine the transaction price;
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

Revenue comprises the invoiced or accrued amounts from the sale of goods and services in the ordinary
course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of returns, discounts and rebates allowed.

Revenue recognition policies for product and services of the Group based on IFRS 15 guidelines are given
below:

Revenue from telecommunication services comprise amounts charged to customers in respect of monthly
access charges, airtime usage, messaging, the provision of other mobile telecommunications services,
including data services providing information and communication technology (ICT) and fees for
connecting fixed line and mobile users to the Group’s network. The Group recognizes revenue, as services
are provided.

Products with multiple deliverables that have value to a customer on a stand-alone basis are defined as
multiple element arrangements. Contracts typically include the sale of handsets and other devices,
subscriber identification module (SIM) card and a service package which mainly include voice, data,
SMS/MMS, VAS or other services. These arrangements are divided into separate performance obligations.
Where the contracts include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price will be allocated to
each performance obligation based on the stand-alone selling prices. Where these are not directly
observable, they are estimated based on expected cost-plus margin. Revenue recognition for voice, data,
SMS/MMS, VAS or other services is over the period when these services are provided to the customers.

Revenue from sale of stand-alone handsets and other devices under separate contract is recognized when
it is delivered to the end customer and control has been transferred.

Revenue from the sale of prepaid credit is recognized on the actual utilisation of the prepaid credit. Unused
prepaid credit is deferred as contract liability until such time as the customer uses the credit, expires or
becomes unutilised. Prepaid vouchers sold but not activated are recognized as revenue on expiry of 24
months.

Certain revenue from managed services provided by the Group, is recognized over time based on the cost-
to cost method, i.e., based on the proportion of contract costs incurred for work performed to date relative
to the estimated total contract costs. This input method is considered as an appropriate measure of the
progress towards complete satisfaction of these performance obligations under IFRS 15.


                                                                                                         (26)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.18    Revenue recognition (continued)

Revenue from interconnection of voice and data traffic with other telecommunication operators is
recognized at the time the services are performed based on the actual recorded traffic.

When the Group sells goods or services as a principal, revenue from customers and payments to suppliers
are reported on a gross basis in revenue and operating expenses. If the Group sells goods or services as an
agent, revenue and payments to suppliers are recorded in revenue on a net basis, representing the margin
earned.

Variable Consideration

Under IFRS 15, if consideration promised in the contract (either explicit or implicit) includes a variable
amount, then the Group should estimate the amount and adjust the total transaction price at contract
inception. Certain customer contracts include variable discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, and incentives
etc, which are provided to the customers during the contract period. The Group also has certain interconnect
and roaming contracts which contain such variable considerations, which are estimated by using the most
likely amount method.

Contract Modification

Contract modifications exist when the parties to the contract approve a modification that creates or changes
the enforceable rights and obligations of the parties to the contract.

A modification is accounted for as either a separate contract (accounted for prospectively) or as part of the
existing contract (accounted through a cumulative catch-up adjustment). This assessment is to be based on
whether:

(a) the modification adds distinct goods and services and
(b) the distinct goods and services are priced at their stand-alone selling prices.

Significant financing component

Significant financing component exists if the timing of payments agreed to by the parties to the contract
(either explicitly or implicitly) provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing
the transfer of goods or services to the customer. In such circumstances, the contract contains a significant
financing component.

Currently, in the case of handsets by instalments products (bundled and stand-alone) with periods
exceeding one year, since the list price, cash selling price and the promised consideration are significantly
equal, the Group has assessed that financing component does not exist. In principle, the Group considers
any price difference above 5% as significant in making necessary accounting based on the practical
expediency. However, if there are any changes in products structure indicating the existence of a financing
component, above 5%-6% of the stand-alone selling price of the products will be considered significant
and accounted for accordingly.




                                                                                                         (27)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.19    Commission to intermediaries

Intermediaries are paid commissions by the Group mainly in return for selling recharge credits, sims,
products and related services. The Group recognizes commissions incurred to obtain a contract for
providing goods or services to the customer as contract costs (subscriber acquisition costs). Contract costs
are capitalized as these are expected to be recovered and amortized over the average customer life with the
Group for each segment and tested for impairment.

The Group has applied the practical expedient for subscriber acquisition costs which have amortization
period of less than 1 year. These are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in
the same period of services provided.

3.20    Recognition of finance income and costs

Finance income comprises mainly interest income on short-term investments, other bank deposits and lease
receivables. Interest income is recognized as it accrues in consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
using the effective interest rate method.

Finance costs is mainly interest payable on borrowing facilities obtained from financial institutions at
commercial rates, amortization of loan arrangement fees, interest on lease liabilities, interest on employees’
end of service benefits, interest on asset retirement obligations and is recognized as an expense in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the period in which it is incurred.

3.21    Cash dividend distribution to equity holders of the parent

The Group recognizes a liability to make cash distributions to equity holders when the distribution is
authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company. As per the UAE Federal
Decree Law No. (32) of 2021 concerning Federal Commercial Companies Law a distribution is authorised
when it is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognized directly in equity.

3.22    Segmental information

Information regarding the Group’s operating segments is reported in accordance with IFRS 8 Operating
Segments. IFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are
regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating decision maker and used to allocate resources to the
segments and to assess their performance.

3.23    Government grants

Government grants relating to non-monetary assets are recognized at nominal value. Grants that
compensate the Group for expenses are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
on a systematic basis in the same period in which the expenses are recognized. Grants that compensate the
Group for the cost of an asset are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a
systematic basis over the expected useful life of the related asset upon capitalization.




                                                                                                          (28)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
3       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

3.24    Corporate income tax and federal royalty on profit

Corporate income taxes and federal royalty on profit (“royalty”) have been provided for in the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the tax laws and royalty guidelines enacted or substantively
enacted at year end. The corporate income tax and royalty charge comprises current tax, royalty and
deferred tax which is recognized in profit or loss for the year, except if it is recognized in other
comprehensive income because it relates to transactions that are also recognized, in the same or a different
period, in other comprehensive income.

Taxable profits or losses are based on estimates if the consolidated financial statements are authorised
prior to filing relevant tax returns. Taxes other than on income are recorded within operating expenses.

Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of
goodwill. Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be
available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

Pillar Two was enacted on 6 February 2025 in the United Arab Emirates, where the Group is
headquartered. The Group will be subject to Pillar Two tax rules effective 1 January 2025. However, based
on the current effective tax rate, we deem the rules to have an immaterial impact.

4       Financial risk management

4.1     Financial risk factors

The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk
(including foreign exchange, cash flow and fair value interest rate risks and equity price risk). The Group’s
overall risk management process focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s
objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of
capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.

The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk
management framework. The Board is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk
management policies.




                                                                                                           (29)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
4       Financial risk management (continued)

4.1     Financial risk factors (continued)

The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group,
to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management
policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s
activities. The Group, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a
disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles and
obligations.

The Group’s Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk
management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in
relation to the risks faced by the Group. The Audit Committee is assisted in its oversight role by Internal
Audit and Risk Management department. Both departments undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of
risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported to the Audit Committee.

(a)     Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument
fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from
customers.

Trade receivables, contract assets and due from related parties

The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
and the extent to which credit terms are offered.

The management has established a credit policy under which new customer is analysed for creditworthiness
before credit is granted. The Group’s review can include external ratings, when available, customer
segmentation, and in some cases bank references. Credit limits are established for each customer in
accordance with this policy, which represents the maximum exposure without requiring approval from
senior management. These limits are reviewed periodically.




                                                                                                          (30)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
4       Financial risk management (continued)

4.1     Financial risk factors (continued)

(a)     Credit risk (continued)

Trade receivables, contract assets and due from related parties (continued)

In monitoring customer credit risk, customers are classified according to their credit characteristics,
including whether they are an individual or legal entity, projected business volumes, new or established
businesses and existence of previous financial relationships with the Group.

The Group may require deposit or collateral in respect of granting credit subject to results of risk
assessment and the nature and volumes contemplated by the customer.

Information on the ageing of trade receivables, contract assets, due from related parties and due from other
telecommunication operators is given in Note 32.1.

The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the consolidated financial statements, net of any
allowances for impairment losses, represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking
account of the value of any collateral obtained.

Term deposits and cash and bank balances

Cash is placed with reputable banks and the risk of default is considered remote. The table below presents
the external credit ratings as at 31 December of the Group’s term deposits and bank balances.


Ratings                                     Term deposits                     Cash and bank balances
                                              2024           2023                  2024           2023
                                           AED 000        AED 000              AED 000        AED 000

Aa3/AA-                                           -                    -          26,788           139,913
A1/A+                                             -             200,000           31,625            10,403
A2/A                                        500,000             277,072          227,049            56,820
A3/A-                                       700,000             525,000          434,184          260,140
Baa1/BBB+                                   100,000             325,247          237,565          114,403
Others                                            -                    -          27,179            28,647
                                          1,300,000           1,327,319          984,390          610,326
Less: loss allowance                           (717)               (733)            (421)             (290)
As at 31 December                         1,299,283           1,326,586          983,969          610,036




                                                                                                        (31)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
4           Financial risk management (continued)

4.1         Financial risk factors (continued)

(b)         Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet
its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses
or risking damage to the Group’s business and reputation. A major portion of the Group’s funds are
invested in short-term investments which are readily available to meet expected operational expenses,
including servicing of financial obligations. The table in Note 32.2 analyses the Group’s non-derivative
financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, if any, into relevant maturity groupings based on the
remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table
are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

c)          Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market prices such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices will affect the
Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while
optimising the return. The Group’s exposure to market risk arises from:

•       Foreign exchange risk
•       Cash flow and fair value interest rate risks
•       Equity price risk

(i)         Foreign exchange risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency, primarily
the Euro/GBP, other than the functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries. In respect of the
Group’s transactions denominated in US Dollars (“USD”), the Group is not exposed to material currency
risk as the AED is pegged to the USD at a fixed rate of exchange. The Group’s exposure and sensitivity
analysis in respect to the foreign exchange risk is detailed in Note 32.3.

(ii)        Cash flow and fair value interest rate risks

The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the
Group to cash flow interest rate risk which is partially offset by short-term investments held at variable
rates. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. The Group
analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis. Various scenarios are simulated taking into
consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions, alternative financing and interest rate swaps. The
scenarios are run only for liabilities that represent the major interest-bearing positions.

(iii)       Equity price risk

The Group is not significantly exposed to equity price risk as the balance of the investment in equity
instrument designated at FVOCI is not material.


                                                                                                             (32)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
4       Financial risk management (continued)

4.2     Capital risk management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
optimal capital structure.

Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This
ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings as shown
in the consolidated statement of financial position, less cash and bank balances and term deposits.

                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                              AED 000              AED 000
Total borrowings                                                                     -                    -
Less: Term deposits/Cash and bank balances (Notes 16 and 17)                (2,283,252)          (1,936,622)
Net debt                                                                    (2,283,252)          (1,936,622)
Total equity                                                                 9,878,445            9,243,213
Gearing                                                                              -                    -

Under the terms of the borrowing facility, the Group is required to comply with net debt to EBITDA
financial covenant. The Group has complied with this covenant in 2024.

5.      Fair value estimation

A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for
both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The fair values of the Group’s financial assets and
liabilities approximated their carrying values as reflected in these consolidated financial statements. The
table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels
have been defined as follows:

Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for asset or liability,
           either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
Level 3 – Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
          inputs).
                                                                              In AED 000
                                                          Level 1         Level 2        Level 3       Total

 Financial asset at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (Note 11)                        2,334               -               -        2,334
 At 31 December 2024                                     2,334               -               -        2,334

 Financial asset at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (Note 11)                        2,946               -               -        2,946
 At 31 December 2023                                     2,946               -               -        2,946
Financial instruments comprise financial assets and financial liabilities. The fair values of these financial
assets and liabilities are not materially different from their carrying values unless stated otherwise
(Note 32).
                                                                                                           (33)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
6       Property, plant and equipment
                                                                       Plant and             Furniture                 Motor        Capital work in
                                                     Buildings        equipment            and fixtures               vehicles             progress              Total
                                                     AED 000           AED 000                AED 000                AED 000              AED 000              AED 000
Cost
At 1 January 2023                                       21,630         23,998,336               340,258                 4,403               343,115           24,707,742
Additions                                                     -         1,240,830                32,098                    33               567,118            1,840,079
Addition: asset retirement obligations                        -             4,276                     -                     -                     -                4,276
Transfers                                                     -           402,371                 3,621                     -              (405,992)                   -
Disposals/write-offs                                          -          (115,939)              (21,048)                    -                     -             (136,987)
At 31 December 2023                                     21,630         25,529,874               354,929                 4,436               504,241           26,415,110
Additions                                                    -          1,203,895                40,940                   360               437,476            1,682,671
Addition: asset retirement obligations                       -              3,140                     -                     -                     -                3,140
Transfers                                                    -            173,819                   500                     -              (174,319)                   -
Disposals/write-offs                                         -           (195,629)              (24,970)                    -                     -             (220,599)
At 31 December 2024                                     21,630         26,715,099               371,399                 4,796               767,398           27,880,322

Depreciation / impairment
At 1 January 2023                                       20,479         14,994,508               246,071                 4,403                16,570           15,282,031
Charge for the year                                        878          1,501,278                30,323                    14                     -            1,532,493
Disposals/write-offs                                         -           (112,755)              (21,048)                    -                     -             (133,803)
Impairment charge/(reversal)                                 -             15,409                     -                     -                (3,720)              11,689
At 31 December 2023                                     21,357         16,398,440               255,346                 4,417                12,850           16,692,410
Charge for the year                                        273          1,517,743                31,847                     6                     -            1,549,869
Disposals/write-offs                                          -          (194,755)              (24,970)                    -                     -             (219,725)
Impairment charge                                             -            18,561                     -                     -                   759               19,320
At 31 December 2024                                     21,630         17,739,989               262,223                 4,423                13,609           18,041,874

Net book value
At 31 December 2024                                           -         8,975,110               109,176                   373               753,789            9,838,448
At 31 December 2023                                        273          9,131,434                99,583                    19               491,391            9,722,700

The carrying amount of the Group’s buildings include a nominal amount of AED 1 (2023: AED 1) in relation to a plot of land granted to the Group by the UAE Government.



                                                                                                                                                                    (34)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
7       Right-of-use assets
                                          Land and            Furniture &
                                          buildings        fixtures - space                    Total
                                          AED 000                AED 000                     AED 000
Cost
At 1 January 2023                         2,655,596                    945                  2,656,541
Additions                                   517,465                      -                    517,465
Re-measurement                              133,395                      -                    133,395
Disposals                                  (167,747)                     -                   (167,747)
At 31 December 2023                       3,138,709                    945                  3,139,654
Additions                                   155,983                      -                    155,983
Re-measurement                              282,446                      -                    282,446
Disposals                                   (49,813)                     -                    (49,813)
At 31 December 2024                       3,527,325                    945                  3,528,270
Depreciation
At 1 January 2023                         1,240,391                    400                  1,240,791
Charge for the year                         444,941                    101                    445,042
Disposals                                  (143,364)                     -                   (143,364)
At 31 December 2023                       1,541,968                    501                  1,542,469
Charge for the year                         374,405                    100                    374,505
Disposals                                    (45,921)                    -                    (45,921)
At 31 December 2024                       1,870,452                    601                  1,871,053

Net book value
At 31 December 2024                       1,656,873                    344                  1,657,217

At 31 December 2023                       1,596,741                    444                  1,597,185


The Group leases several assets including shops, technical sites, offices, warehouses and billboards. The
average lease term is 9.16 years (2023: 8.54 years). Short-term and low value leases are also included in
right-of-use assets.




                                                                                                     (35)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8       Intangible assets and goodwill
                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                            AED 000          AED 000

Goodwill                                                                      413,220          413,220
Intangible assets                                                             846,932          697,549
                                                                            1,260,152        1,110,769

Goodwill

The Group acquired the fixed line business of Tecom Investments FZ LLC with effect from 31 December
2005. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase consideration paid over the fair value of net assets
acquired. Carrying amount of goodwill is for fixed line business CGU as below:

                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                            AED 000          AED 000
Fixed line business                                                           413,220         413,220

The Group tests goodwill for impairment annually. The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined using
the discounted cash flow method based on the five-year business outlook.

In 2024, the estimated recoverable amount of the fixed line business CGU exceeded its carrying amount by
approximately 356%.

The key assumptions for the fixed line business CGU value-in-use calculations at 31 December 2024
include:

- 5-year revenue growth projections;
- a pre-tax discount rate of 8.40% (2023: 9.75%) based on the Company’s weighted-average cost of
  capital;
- maintenance capital expenditure projections allowing for replacement of existing infrastructure at the
  end of its useful life; and
- terminal growth rate of 2%, determined based on management’s estimate of the long-term cash flow
  growth rate, consistent with the assumption that a market participant would make.




                                                                                                    (36)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8       Intangible assets and goodwill (continued)

Goodwill (continued)
The fixed line model calculations are particularly sensitive to the revenue growth assumptions, including
expectations around the impact of future competition in the Group's existing network zones. However,
management considers that it would require a significant decline in revenue growth before any impairment
of the fixed line CGU would be required.

Sensitivity analysis
The Group has conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of impairment test to changes in the key assumptions
used to determine the recoverable amount.

For fixed line business CGU, management has identified that any reasonably possible change in key
assumptions could not cause the carrying amounts to exceed the recoverable amounts.
Intangible assets
                                             Capital         Telecom -       Indefeasible
                            Software         work in      munications           rights of
                               in use       progress       license fees               use          Total
                            AED 000         AED 000         AED 000             AED 000          AED 000
Cost
At 1 January 2023          2,500,897         257,526          124,500            207,359         3,090,282
Additions                     58,040         299,578                -                  -           357,618
Transfers                    109,974        (109,974)               -                  -                 -
Disposals/write-offs            (583)              -                -                  -             (583)
At 31 December 2023        2,668,328         447,130          124,500            207,359         3,447,317
Additions                     64,830         294,449                -                   -          359,279
Transfers                    353,915        (353,915)               -                   -                -
Disposals/write-offs            (177)               -               -                   -            (177)
At 31 December 2024        3,086,896         387,664          124,500            207,359         3,806,419
Amortization/
impairment
At 1 January 2023          2,228,871             106          104,962            207,359         2,541,298
Charge for the year          194,011                -           6,223                   -          200,234
Impairment
 charge/(reversal)             8,925            (106)                -                  -            8,819
Disposals/write-offs            (583)               -                -                  -            (583)
At 31 December 2023        2,431,224                -         111,185            207,359         2,749,768
Charge for the year         203,673                 -           6,223                   -          209,896
Impairment
 charge/(reversal)                 -                -                -                  -                -
Disposals/write-offs            (177)               -                -                  -            (177)
At 31 December 2024        2,634,720                -         117,408            207,359         2,959,487

Net book value
At 31 December 2024          452,176         387,664            7,092                   -         846,932
At 31 December 2023          237,104         447,130           13,315                   -         697,549

                                                                                                       (37)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8       Intangible assets and goodwill (continued)

Intangible assets (continued)

The software in use includes all applications such as enterprise resource planning (ERP), billing and other
systems which are currently in use while the capital work in progress relates to the development of software.
Telecommunication license fees represent charge by the Telecommunications and Digital Government
Regulatory Authority (“TDRA”) to the Group to grant the license to operate as a telecommunications
service provider in the UAE.

Indefeasible right of use represents the fees paid to a telecom operator to obtain rights to use Indoor Building
Solutions relating to certain sites in the UAE. Also included in the balance is an amount charged by an
operator of a fibre-optic cable system for the right to use its submarine fibre-optic circuits and cable system.


9       Lease receivable
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                 AED 000            AED 000

Lease receivable (net of loss allowance)                                            111,602           127,710


Non-current                                                                          92,575           109,612
Current                                                                              19,027            18,098
Total lease receivable                                                              111,602           127,710

During the year 2020, the Group signed a sub-lease agreement to lease its data centre with a customer for
a period of 10 years.
                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                               AED 000              AED 000
Maturity analysis:
Not later than 1 year                                                            21,131               20,515
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                     91,055               88,402
Later than 5 years                                                               12,067               35,851
                                                                                124,253              144,768
Less: unearned interest on lease receivable and loss allowance                  (12,651)             (17,058)
                                                                                111,602              127,710

The interest income on lease receivable is presented in Note 28.




                                                                                                           (38)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

10      Investments accounted for using the equity method

          Investments                   Principal activities             Shareholding        Country of
                                                                         2024    2023      incorporation

Dubai Smart City Accelerator   To run accelerator programmes with     23.53% 23.53%            UAE
 FZCO (Associate)              the purpose of sourcing innovation and
                               technology applicable to the Smart
                               City Industry

Advanced Regional              Provision of connectivity and data        50%     50%           UAE
 Communications Solutions      centre services
 Holding Limited
 (Joint venture)

Movement in investments in associate and joint venture

                                                                             2024
                                                            Associate     Joint venture         Total
                                                            AED 000           AED 000         AED 000

At 1 January (1)                                                1,810             3,333           5,143
Share of loss for the year                                     (1,048)           (1,379)         (2,427)
At 31 December                                                    762             1,954           2,716

                                                                             2023
                                                            Associate     Joint venture          Total
                                                            AED 000          AED 000          AED 000

At 1 January (1)                                                2,128            5,735            7,863
Share of loss for the year                                       (318)          (2,402)          (2,720)
At 31 December                                                  1,810            3,333            5,143


(1)
  Beginning balance as at 1 January includes cumulative impairment loss of AED 8,496 thousand in the
Group’s investment in joint venture.




                                                                                                     (39)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

10      Investments accounted for using the equity method (continued)

Summarised financial information for the associate and joint venture are as follows:

                                                                        2024
                                                Associate         Joint venture          Total
                                                AED 000               AED 000          AED 000

Non-current assets                                  2,735                 36,276         39,011
Current assets                                        555                 24,944         25,499
Current liabilities                                   (51)                (3,066)        (3,117)
Non-current liabilities                                 -                (37,254)       (37,254)
Net assets                                          3,239                 20,900         24,139

Revenue                                                  -                14,730         14,730
Loss for the year                                   (4,454)               (2,757)        (7,211)

                                                                          2023
                                                 Associate          Joint venture         Total
                                                 AED 000                AED 000        AED 000

Non-current assets                                  7,143                  42,569        49,712
Current assets                                        571                  32,830        33,401
Current liabilities                                    (20)                (9,919)       (9,939)
Non-current liabilities                                  -                (41,819)      (41,819)
Net assets                                          7,694                  23,661        31,355

Revenue                                                  -                15,669        15,669
Loss for the year                                  (1,351)                 (4,804)       (6,155)




                                                                                            (40)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11      Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income


                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                       AED 000              AED 000

Listed shares
 Anghami Inc.                                                             2,334                 2,946

During the year 2024, a loss of AED 612 thousand was recognized in other comprehensive income
(2023: AED 1,571 thousand).

12      Trade receivables, contract assets and other assets

                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           AED 000          AED 000

Trade receivables                                                          2,222,809        2,057,319
Due from other telecommunication operators (1)                               211,398          258,433
Contract assets                                                              489,486          463,770
Less: provision for impairment                                              (812,067)        (756,993)
Net amount                                                                 2,111,626        2,022,529

Prepayments (2)                                                              168,251          131,462
Advances to suppliers                                                        129,350          195,845
Other receivables                                                             91,156          131,585
Total trade receivables, contract assets and other assets                  2,500,383        2,481,421

Non-current (3)                                                              180,573          257,390
Current                                                                    2,319,810        2,224,031
Total trade receivables, contract assets and other assets                  2,500,383        2,481,421

(1)
 Due from other telecommunication operators are presented after netting off payable balances amounting to
AED 1,537,253 thousand (31 December 2023: AED 1,686,315 thousand).
(2)
  Prepayments include unamortized loan fees amounting to AED 4,539 thousand (31 December 2023: AED
11,709 thousand) related to the revolving credit facility.
(3)
  Total non-current includes the non-current portion for the unamortized loan fees amounting to AED 3,211
thousand (31 December 2023: AED 9,121 thousand).




                                                                                                   (41)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

12     Trade receivables, contract assets and other assets (continued)

The movement in the allowance for expected credited losses of trade receivables, contract assets and due
from other telecommunication operators is as follows:

                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                            AED 000           AED 000

At 1 January                                                                 756,993            706,965
Charge for the year                                                          292,975            273,573
Write-off during the year                                                   (237,901)          (223,545)
At 31 December                                                               812,067            756,993

13     Contract costs

                                                    Current                      Non-current
                                           2024                  2023             2024       2023
                                        AED 000               AED 000          AED 000   AED 000

Contract costs                            361,577              341,863          345,227       222,233

14     Inventories

                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                            AED 000           AED 000

Goods held for sale                                                          198,569            115,780
Less: allowance for inventory obsolescence                                   (22,959)           (14,085)
At 31 December                                                               175,610            101,695

Inventories recognized as an operating expense during the year             1,363,984          1,191,010
Charge/(release) of allowance for inventory obsolescence recognized as
an operating expense during the year                                            8,874              (970)




                                                                                                    (42)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

15          Related party balances and transactions
Related parties comprise the founding shareholders of the Company, entities under common shareholding,
its directors, key management personnel and entities over which they exercise control, joint control or
significant influence. The founding shareholders are Emirates Investment Authority, Mamoura Diversified
Global Holding PJSC & Emirates Communications and Technologies Company LLC. Transactions with
related parties are in the ordinary course of business and are approved by the Group’s management or by
the Board of Directors.

Related party balances

                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                 AED 000           AED 000
Due from related parties                                                             21,732            53,449

Due to related parties                                                                6,717              6,064

Related party transactions

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on
consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. All transactions with related parties referred to below are
in the ordinary course of business. The following table reflects the gross value of transactions with related
parties.
                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                              AED 000               AED 000

Sale of goods and services                                                        442,382              579,949
Rent and services                                                                  28,665               28,687
                                                                                                       608,636
Key management compensation
                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                  AED 000            AED 000

Short-term employee benefits                                                        34,284              33,947
Employees’ end of service benefits                                                     405                 412
Post-employment benefits                                                             1,392               1,186
Long-term incentives (1)                                                             5,875              (3,125)
                                                                                    41,956              32,420

(1)
      In 2023, the Group revised the estimation of long-term incentives resulted in the release of provision.

Board of Directors fees recorded during the year were AED 12,555 thousand (2023: AED 10,494
thousand).

No loan has been provided to Directors, their spouses, children and relatives of the second degree and any
corporates in which they own 20% or more.




                                                                                                            (43)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

15      Related party balances and transactions (continued)

The Group provides telecommunication services and also receives various services from the Federal
Government (including Ministries and local bodies). These transactions are at normal commercial terms.
The credit period allowed to Government customers ranges from 15 to 150 days. The Group has elected
not to disclose transactions with the UAE Federal Government and other entities over which the Federal
Government exerts control, joint control or significant influence.

16       Term deposits

                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                           AED 000             AED 000

Term deposits (net of loss allowance)                                      1,299,283           1,326,586


Term deposits represent bank deposits with maturity periods exceeding three months from the date of
deposit. These term deposits are denominated primarily in UAE Dirham, with banks. Interest is earned on
these term deposits at prevailing market rates. The carrying amount of these term deposits approximates
their fair value.

17       Cash and bank balances

For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                           AED 000             AED 000

Cash at bank (net of loss allowance)                                         983,386                609,341
Cash on hand                                                                     583                    695
Cash and bank balances                                                       983,969                610,036
Less: margin on guarantees (Note 31)                                          (2,412)                (2,346)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                    981,557                607,690




                                                                                                        (44)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

18      Lease liabilities
                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                             AED 000              AED 000
At 1 January                                                                2,104,959            2,059,211
Lease liabilities during the year                                              155,983             517,465
Interest expense during the year                                                63,671              78,696
Payments made during the year                                                (587,923)            (672,386)
Re-measurement during the year                                                282,446              133,395
Disposals during the year                                                     (20,449)             (11,422)
Closing balance                                                             1,998,687            2,104,959

                                              Current                             Non-current
                                          2024           2023                   2024             2023
                                       AED 000        AED 000                AED 000          AED 000

Lease liabilities                       561,999            649,585           1,436,688            1,455,374

The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. The Group does
not have any variable component in lease payments.

19       Contract liabilities
                                                      Current                       Non-current
                                             2024                  2023              2024       2023
                                          AED 000               AED 000           AED 000   AED 000

Contract liabilities                        559,180              465,710            233,029       217,254

Revenue recognized during the year that was included in the contract liabilities balances at the beginning
of 2024 was AED 350,373 thousand (2023: AED 354,803 thousand)

There was no revenue recognized in the current reporting period that is related to performance obligations
that were satisfied in the prior year. The Group’s contracts with customers are for periods of one year or
less or are billed based on service provided. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated
to the unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

20      Provision for employees’ end of service benefits

The Group provides end of service benefits (defined benefit obligations) to its eligible employees. The most
recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligations were carried out as at
31 December 2024 by a registered actuary in the UAE. The present value of defined benefit obligations and
the related current and past service cost were measured using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Changes
in the present value of defined benefit obligations are as follows:




                                                                                                            (45)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20       Provision for employees’ end of service benefits (continued)

                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                               AED 000           AED 000

At 1 January                                                                    208,471           197,166
Service cost                                                                     21,451            21,013
Interest cost                                                                     8,001             7,586
Actuarial (gain)/loss recognized in other comprehensive income (1)               (7,403)           14,663
Past service cost                                                                     -            (1,260)
Benefits paid during the year                                                   (21,916)          (30,697)
At 31 December                                                                  208,604           208,471

(1)
   Actuarial (gain)/loss recognized in other comprehensive income relates to re-measurement of the
employees’ end of service benefits obligation net gain from changes in financial assumptions amounting
to AED 8,114 thousand (2023: net loss of AED 7,306 thousand), net loss from experience adjustments
amounting to AED 711 thousand (2023: net loss of AED 3,015 thousand) and demographic assumptions
amounting to AED Nil (2023: net loss of AED 4,342 thousand).

The provision is recognized based on the following significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                                                        2024            2023

Average period of employment (years)                                                  4.75               5.05
Average annual rate of salary increase                                               2.5%               2.5%
Average annual rate of salary increase for next two years                            2.5%               2.5%
Discount rate                                                                       4.90%              4.10%

Through its defined benefit plan, the Group is exposed to a number of actuarial risks, the most significant of
which include, longevity risk, withdrawal risk and salary increase risk.

Sensitivity of the provision for employees’ end of service benefits to changes in principal assumptions is
included below:

                                                                     Impact on defined benefit obligation
                                                   Change in             Increase in       Decrease in
                                                  assumption             assumption        assumption
                                                2024   2023            2024    2023        2024       2023

Withdrawal rate                                  10%       10%         0.83% 0.44%             (0.94%) (0.53%)
Mortality age                                  1 year    1 year        0.04% 0.02%             (0.04%) (0.02%)
Average annual rate of salary increase            1%        1%         5.56% 5.85%             (5.13%) (5.38%)
Discount rate                                     1%        1%        (4.52%) (4.80%)           4.98% 5.31%

Expected contribution to defined benefit obligations for the year ending 31 December 2025 is AED 30,136
thousand.




                                                                                                        (46)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

21       Other provisions

Asset retirement obligations

In the course of the Group’s activities, a number of sites and other commercial premises are utilised which
are expected to have costs associated with exiting and ceasing their use. The associated cash outflows are
expected to occur at the dates of exit of the assets to which they relate. These assets are long-term in nature,
primarily up to the period of 10 years from when the asset is brought into use.

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                  AED 000           AED 000

At 1 January                                                                        210,778           208,801
Additions during the year                                                             5,530             4,276
Deletions during the year                                                            (2,390)           (8,038)
Adjustment for change in discount/inflation rates                                    (1,582)            1,410
Unwinding of discount                                                                 6,784             4,329
At 31 December                                                                      219,120           210,778

The provision is recognized based on the following significant assumptions:
                                                                                      2024               2023

Average period of restoration (years)                                                   10                 10
Inflation rate                                                                      2.02%              2.06%
Discount rate                                                                       3.99%              3.54%

22       Trade and other payables
                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                  AED 000            AED 000

Trade payables and accruals (1)                                                   2,435,421         2,135,354
Accrued federal royalty on regulated activities (Note 23.1)                               -         2,033,172
Due to other telecommunication operators (2)                                        616,097           641,140
Valued Added Tax (VAT) payable                                                       25,187            24,674
Other payables and accruals                                                         456,311           412,947
                                                                                  3,533,016         5,247,287
(1)
 Trade payables and accruals include ICT fund payable to TDRA based on 1% of regulated revenue of
AED 10,095,989 thousand (31 December 2023: AED 9,410,136 thousand).
(2)
 Due to other telecommunication operators are presented after netting off receivable balances amounting to
AED 1,537,253 thousand (31 December 2023: AED 1,686,315 thousand).




                                                                                                          (47)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
23       Federal royalty and corporate income tax
                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                             AED 000               AED 000
Federal royalty on profit                                         23.2       1,675,882                      -
Corporate income tax                                              23.2         247,570                      -
As at 31 December                                                            1,923,452                      -


23.1     Federal royalty on regulated activities

In year 2023, the federal royalty was calculated as 15% on regulated revenue and 30% on regulated profit
after deducting royalty on regulated revenue according to the guidelines issued for the relevant period by the
MoF.

Movement in the accrued federal royalty on regulated activities is as follows:

                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                 AED 000             AED 000
At 1 January                                                                   2,033,172           1,830,421
Payment made during the year                                                  (1,928,939)         (1,687,899)
(Release)/charge for the year - net                                             (104,233)          1,890,650
As at 31 December                                                                      -           2,033,172

23.2     Federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax

Federal royalty on profit

As per Cabinet of Ministers of UAE decision no. 8/38 of 2023 and the UAE Ministry of Finance (“the MoF”)
royalty guidelines, the federal royalty, effective from 2024 to 2026, is equal to 38% of yearly total regulated
and non-regulated UAE profits (calculated before royalty and corporate income tax) of the Group. The total
amount of federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax payable by the Group shall not be lower than
AED 1.8 billion per year.

Corporate income tax

UAE Federal Decree-Law No. 47 of 2022 on the Taxation of Corporations and Businesses was published on
9 December 2022. Cabinet decisions are issued to specify the implementation of certain provisions in the
corporate tax law (“the Law”). The Group is subject to corporate income tax at 9% on profit after royalty in
the financial year beginning 1 January 2024.

Federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax have been provided for in the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with the royalty guidelines and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at year
end. The effective annual income tax rate for the current year is 44.7% (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                          (48)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
23       Federal royalty and corporate income tax (continued)

23.2     Federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax (continued)

(a) Corporate income tax expense
                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                              AED 000             AED 000

Corporate income tax expense attributable to:
- Current corporate income tax                                                  246,955                     -
- Other comprehensive income not reclassified to profit or loss                     615                     -
                                                                                247,570                     -


The reconciliation between federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax charge and the product of
standard rate of 38% and 9% respectively, on accounting profit is as follows:

                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                              AED 000             AED 000

Profit before federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax             4,306,151                      -

Federal royalty on profit calculated at a rate of 38%                        1,636,337                      -
Prior period adjustments                                                        39,609                      -
International operations                                                            (64)                    -
Federal royalty on profit                                                    1,675,882                      -


Profit before corporate income tax after deduction of federal                                               -
 royalty on profit                                                           2,630,269
Income subject to 0% corporate income tax rate                                    (375)                     -
Income subject to 9% corporate income tax rate                               2,629,894                      -

Corporate income tax calculated at rate of 9%                                  236,690                      -
Prior period adjustments                                                         9,381                      -
Disallowed deductions and others                                                 1,499                      -
Corporate income tax charge                                                    247,570                      -

Total federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax                     1,923,452                      -




                                                                                                     (49)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
23      Federal royalty and corporate income tax (continued)

23.2    Federal royalty on profit and corporate income tax (continued)

(b) Amount recognized in other comprehensive income

                                               2024                                2023
                                    Before- Corporate   Net-of-        Before-   Corporate      Net-of-
                                  corporate   Income corporate       corporate     Income     corporate
                                    income        tax  income          income          tax      income
                                        tax (expense)      tax             tax   (expense)          tax
 AED ’000                           amount / benefit   amount          amount      /benefit     amount

 Fair value changes on
  financial asset at fair value
  through other comprehensive
  income                              (612)            55    (557)     (1,571)          -       (1,571)
 Actuarial gain/(loss) on
  defined benefit obligations         7,403          (670)   6,733   (14,663)           -      (14,663)
 Other comprehensive
  income/(loss)                       6,791          (615)   6,176   (16,234)           -      (16,234)


24      Share capital
                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                          AED 000             AED 000

Authorised, issued and fully paid-up share capital
 (4,532,905,989 shares of AED 1 each)                                      4,532,906          4,532,906

25       Share premium
                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                          AED 000             AED 000

Premium on issue of common share capital                                    232,332            232,332




                                                                                                   (50)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

26       Other reserves
                                                      Statutory                Other
                                                       reserve (1)            Reserve (2)              Total
                                                        AED 000                AED 000               AED 000

At 1 January 2023                                       2,140,441                (13,851)            2,126,590
Transfer from retained earnings                           126,012                       -              126,012
Fair value changes on financial
 asset at fair value through other
 comprehensive income                                           -                 (1,571)               (1,571)
At 31 December 2023                                     2,266,453                (15,422)            2,251,031

At 1 January 2024                                       2,266,453                (15,422)            2,251,031
Fair value changes on financial
 asset at fair value through other
 comprehensive income (net of tax)                              -                   (557)                (557)
At 31 December 2024                                     2,266,453                (15,979)            2,250,474

(1)
   In accordance with Federal Commercial Companies Law and the Company's Articles of Association, 10%
of the net profit is required to be transferred annually to a non-distributable statutory reserve. Such transfers
are required to be made until the balance of the statutory reserve equals one half of the Company's paid up
share capital. In September 2023, the statutory reserves balance has reached 50% of paid-up capital.
(2)
   This relates to the change in the fair value of financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive
income.

27       Operating expenses
                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                   2024         2023
                                                                                AED 000      AED 000

Interconnect costs                                                              2,811,223         2,729,605
Depreciation and impairment on property, plant and equipment (Note 6)           1,569,189         1,544,182
Cost of devices and direct services                                             1,402,121         1,405,604
Staff costs                                                                     1,070,046         1,069,596
Network operation and maintenance                                                 945,376           880,791
Commission                                                                        596,223           535,469
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                      374,505           445,042
Telecommunication licence and related fees                                        422,496           398,608
Marketing                                                                         264,122           235,994
Amortization and impairment on intangible assets (Note 8)                         209,896           209,053
Outsourcing and contracting                                                       123,893            83,551
Others                                                                            270,434           255,743
                                                                               10,059,524         9,793,238

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has paid AED 1,220 thousand (2023: AED 1,150
thousand) for various social contribution purposes.



                                                                                                           (51)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

28      Finance income and costs
                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                               AED 000               AED 000
Finance income
Interest income                                                                   75,243               56,025
Finance income on lease receivable                                                 4,687                5,302
                                                                                  79,930               61,327
Finance costs
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                             63,671               78,696
Interest expense others (1)                                                       26,274               22,734
                                                                                  89,945              101,430

(1) “
   Interest expense others” mainly include interest cost and commitment fees on borrowings, interest cost
on defined benefit obligations and unwinding of discount on asset retirement obligations.

On 29 April 2021, the Group signed a long-term financing agreement with a group of local and
international banks for an unsecured credit facility (“the Financing”) of AED 3,769 million equivalent,
comprising a term loan facility and a revolving credit facility. In March 2024, the term loan facility has
been cancelled and related unamortized loan fees have been recognized in profit or loss. The remaining
revolving credit facility of AED 1,981 million equivalent has a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years.

29      Earnings per share
                                                                                    2024                 2023
Profit for the year (AED 000)                                                  2,487,547            1,667,851
Weighted average number of shares (000)                                        4,532,906            4,532,906
Basic and diluted earnings per share (AED)                                           0.55                0.37

There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding at any time during the year and, therefore, the
dilutive earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share.

30       Changes in other operating assets and liabilities
                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                               AED 000               AED 000
Change in:
  Inventories                                                                    (82,789)             (5,490)
 Contract costs                                                                 (142,708)            (81,679)
 Trade receivables, contract assets and other assets                            (301,655)           (341,367)
 Trade and other payables                                                         26,246           2,332,449
 Contract liabilities                                                            109,245              (2,736)
 Due from related parties                                                         31,717              41,148
 Due to related parties                                                              653                 330
Net changes in other operating assets and liabilities                           (359,291)          1,942,655

Non-cash transactions:
Accruals for property, plant and equipment                                       173,723             (59,789)
Accruals for intangible assets                                                    (4,332)             29,928
Additions and remeasurement to right-of-use assets                               438,429             650,860

The reconciliation for the changes in lease liabilities arising from financing activities are presented in Note
18 of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                           (52)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

31       Contingencies and commitments

The Group has outstanding bank guarantees amounting to AED 205,973 thousand (2023: AED 90,993
thousand). Bank guarantees are secured against margin of AED 2,412 thousand (2023: AED 2,346 thousand)
(Note 17).

The Group is subject to litigations in the normal course of business and the management is of the view that
the outcome of these court cases will not have a material impact on the Group's consolidated financial
statements. Details of these cases are not disclosed in order not to prejudice the Group’s position in these
litigations.

The Group has contractual capital expenditure commitments amounting to AED 1,745,064 thousand (2023:
AED 929,720 thousand).

32       Financial instruments and risk management

32.1     Credit risk

Exposure to credit risk

The carrying amount of financial assets represent the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure
to credit risk at the reporting date was:

                                              Note        Carrying amount               Fair value
                                                            2024        2023            2024       2023
                                                         AED 000     AED 000         AED 000 AED 000
Non-derivatives
Financial asset at fair value through other
 comprehensive income                          11            2,334          2,946        2,334        2,946
Lease receivable                                9          111,602        127,710      111,602      127,710
Trade receivables, contract assets and
 other assets (1)                              12        2,202,782      2,154,114    2,202,782    2,154,114
Due from related parties                       15           21,732         53,449       21,732       53,449
Term deposits                                  16        1,299,283      1,326,586    1,299,283    1,326,586
Cash and bank balances                         17          983,969        610,036      983,969      610,036
                                                         4,621,702      4,274,841    4,621,702    4,274,841

(1)
   For the purpose of the exposure to credit risk on financial assets disclosure, non-financial assets
(prepayments and advances to suppliers) amounting to AED 297,601 thousand (2023: AED 327,307
thousand) have been excluded from trade receivables, contract assets and other assets.




                                                                                                        (53)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

32       Financial instruments and risk management (continued)

32.1    Credit risk (continued)

Exposure to credit risk (continued)

Impairment of financials assets

The ageing of trade receivables, contract assets, due from related parties and due from other
telecommunication operators are as follows:

31 December 2024

                                       Not past Past due    Past due More than
                                           due 0-30 days 31-180 days  180 days          Total
                                      AED 000 AED 000      AED 000 AED 000            AED 000
Gross carrying amount –
 trade receivables, contract assets
 and due from related parties         700,793    172,416     444,029     1,416,789    2,734,027

Loss allowance                        (47,605)    (22,362)   (115,333)    (613,890)   (799,190)
Expected loss rate                      6.79%     12.97%       25.97%       43.33%




                                      Not past    Past due    Past due More than
                                          due    0-30 days 31-180 days  180 days        Total
                                      AED 000    AED 000     AED 000 AED 000          AED 000
Gross carrying amount –
due from other telecom operators      165,842      67,645     317,624    1,197,540    1,748,651

Loss allowance                             (1)          -         (39)     (12,837)    (12,877)
Expected loss rate                        0%          0%          0%         1.07%




                                                                                            (54)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

32      Financial instruments and risk management (continued)

32.1    Credit risk (continued)

Exposure to credit risk (continued)

31 December 2023

                                         Not past     Past due    Past due       More than
                                             due     0-30 days 31-180 days        180 days           Total
                                        AED 000      AED 000     AED 000         AED 000          AED 000
Gross carrying amount –
 trade receivables, contract assets
 and due from related parties            963,966      109,300       328,184      1,173,088      2,574,538

Loss allowance                           (47,513)     (22,217)      (91,730)      (582,952)      (744,412)
Expected loss rate                         4.93%       20.33%        27.95%        49.69%



                                          Not past    Past due    Past due       More than
                                              due    0-30 days 31-180 days        180 days           Total
                                         AED 000     AED 000     AED 000         AED 000          AED 000
Gross carrying amount –
 due from other telecom operators        114,238      269,513        295,859     1,265,138      1,944,748
Loss allowance                                 (1)            -          (32)      (12,548)        (12,581)
Expected loss rate                             0%           0%            0%         0.99%

The above gross carrying amount of due from other telecommunication operators amount excludes netting
amounting to AED 1,537,253 thousand (31 December 2023: AED 1,686,315 thousand) (Note 12).

The impairment provision in respect of trade receivables, contract assets and due from related parties is used
to record impairment losses unless the Group is satisfied that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery
of the amount due; at that point the amounts considered irrecoverable are written-off. Indicators that there is
no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period greater than 365
days past due.




                                                                                                          (55)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

32       Financial instruments and risk management (continued)

32.2     Liquidity risk

The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities along with fair values:

31 December 2024
                                                 ----------------------------- Contractual cash flows -----------------------------
                           Fair     Carrying                           6 months           6-12                        Above 2
                          value      amount             Total               or less    months 1-2 years                    years
                        AED 000     AED 000      AED 000                AED 000 AED 000 AED 000                      AED 000
Non-derivative
financial liabilities

Lease liabilities  1,998,687       1,998,687     1,998,687           260,859         301,140         315,211         1,121,477
Future interest on
 lease liabilities         -                 -     283,684            28,860           16,206          38,332           200,286
Trade payables and
 accruals          2,435,421       2,435,421     2,435,421        2,435,421                    -               -                 -
Due to other
 telecommunication
 operators           616,097         616,097       616,097           616,097                   -               -                 -
Other payables and
 accruals            456,311         456,311       456,311           456,311                   -               -                 -
Due to related
 parties               6,717           6,717         6,717            6,717                -               -                 -
                   5,513,233       5,513,233     5,796,917        3,804,265          317,346         353,543         1,321,763




                                                                                                                          (56)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

32       Financial instruments and risk management (continued)

32.2     Liquidity risk (continued)

31 December 2023
                                                ----------------------------- Contractual cash flows -----------------------------
                            Fair    Carrying                           6 months          6-12                        Above 2
                          value      amount            Total                or less   months 1-2 years                     years
                        AED 000     AED 000     AED 000                AED 000 AED 000 AED 000                      AED 000
Non-derivative
financial liabilities

Lease liabilities       2,104,959   2,104,959   2,104,959           337,782         311,804            298,686        1,156,687
Future interest on
  lease liabilities             -           -     215,541            30,623           17,196            40,674          127,048
Trade payables and
  accruals              2,135,354   2,135,354   2,135,354        2,135,354                    -                 -                -
Due to other
telecommunication
  operators              641,140      641,140     641,140           641,140                   -                 -                -
Accrued federal
  royalty               2,033,172   2,033,172   2,033,172        2,033,172                    -                 -                -
Other payables and
  accruals               412,947      412,947     412,947           412,947                   -                 -                -
Due to related
  parties                  6,064        6,064        6,064             6,064                  -                 -                -
                        7,333,636   7,333,636   7,549,177        5,597,082          329,000            339,360        1,283,735

32.3     Currency risk

Exposure to currency risk

The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows:

                                                            31 December 2024                             31 December 2023
                                                       ------------ AED 000 -------------         ------------ AED 000 ------------
                                                                   EUR            GBP                        EUR             GBP
Trade receivables                                                8,879             738                     8,916             340
Trade payables                                                     (161)            (19)                    (333)             (48)
Net exposure                                                     8,718             719                     8,583             292

The following significant exchange rates against AED have been applied during the year:

                                                             Average rate                     Reporting date spot rate
                                                              2024               2023                     2024               2023
EUR 1                                                       3.9925             3.9762                   3.8220             4.0546
GBP 1                                                       4.7083             4.5481                   4.6087             4.6761



                                                                                                                          (57)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

32      Financial instruments and risk management (continued)

32.3    Currency risk (continued)

Sensitivity analysis

A 10% strengthening of the AED against the following currencies at 31 December would have
increased/(decreased) equity and profit by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other
variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.

                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                 AED 000        AED 000
Decrease in profit
EUR                                                                                 (3,481)       (3,413)
GBP                                                                                   (339)         (133)

Conversely a 10% weakening of the AED against the above currencies at 31 December will have the exact
reverse effect.

32.4     Financial instruments by category

The accounting policies for financial instruments have been applied to the line items below:

                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                             AED 000           AED 000

Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                 2,334            2,946

Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Lease receivable                                                              111,602            127,710
Trade receivables, contract assets and other assets (1)                     2,202,782          2,154,114
Due from related parties                                                       21,732             53,449
Term deposits                                                               1,299,283          1,326,586
Cash and bank balances                                                        983,969            610,036
                                                                            4,619,368          4,271,895
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Lease liabilities                                                           1,998,687          2,104,959
Trade and other payables (2)                                                3,507,829          5,222,613
Due to related parties                                                          6,717              6,064
                                                                            5,513,233          7,333,636

(1)
 Non-financial assets (prepayments and advances to suppliers) amounting to AED 297,601 thousand (2023:
AED 327,307 thousand) have been excluded from trade receivables, contract assets and other assets.
(2)
  Non-financial liability (Value Added Tax) amounting to AED 25,187 thousand (2023: AED 24,674
thousand) has been excluded from trade and other payables.




                                                                                                   (58)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

33        Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of
financial position if, and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
simultaneously.

The following table presents the recognized financial instruments that are offset in the statement of financial
position.

                                     31 December 2024                          31 December 2023
                                            Gross         Net                           Gross        Net
                                 Gross amounts        amount                Gross    amounts     amount
                               amounts      set off presented             amounts      set off presented
                               AED 000 AED 000       AED 000             AED 000    AED 000 AED 000
Financial assets
Due from other
 telecommunication
 operators                    1,748,651 (1,537,253)          211,398     1,944,748      (1,686,315)     258,433

Financial liabilities
Due to other
 telecommunication
 operators                    2,153,350     (1,537,253)      616,097     2,327,455      (1,686,315)     641,140


34        Segment analysis

The Group has operations mainly in the UAE. The Group is organized into four major business segments
as follows:

•    Mobile segment offers mobile services to the enterprise and consumer customers. Services include
     mobile voice and data, mobile content and mobile broadband Wi-Fi.
•    Fixed segment provides fixed services to the enterprise and consumer customers. Services include
     broadband, IPTV, home wireless, IP/VPN business internet and telephony.
•    Wholesale segment provides voice and SMS to national and international carriers and operators.
     Services include termination of inbound international voice traffic and international hubbing.
•    Others include broadcasting services, data center co-location, multi-cloud, cybersecurity, IOT,
     international roaming, equipment and site sharing etc. The point in time includes revenue from sale
     of handsets and other devices.

Segment contribution, referred to by the Group as gross margin, represents revenue less direct costs of
sales. It is calculated before charging network operating costs, sales and general and administration
expenses. This is the measure reported to the Group’s Board of Directors for the purpose of resource
allocation and assessment of segment performance.




                                                                                                             (59)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

34     Segment analysis (continued)

31 December 2024

                                 Mobile       Fixed     Wholesale    Others        Total
                                AED 000     AED 000      AED 000    AED 000      AED 000

Segment revenue

Timing of revenue recognition
Over time                       6,548,135   4,002,658   1,831,132   1,129,647   13,511,572
At a point in time                      -           -           -   1,124,345    1,124,345
                                6,548,135   4,002,658   1,831,132   2,253,992   14,635,917
Segment contribution            3,985,612   3,387,593 1,604,099      840,172     9,817,476
Unallocated costs                                                               (5,502,351)
Other income                                                                         3,468
Finance income/(costs) and
 share of loss on investment
 accounted for using the
 equity method                                                                     (12,442)
Federal royalty on regulated
profit                                                                             104,233
Federal royalty on profit                                                       (1,675,882)
Corporate income tax                                                              (246,955)
Profit for the year                                                              2,487,547




                                                                                              (60)
Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

34      Segment analysis (continued)

31 December 2023

                                      Mobile        Fixed      Wholesale        Others           Total
                                     AED 000      AED 000      AED 000        AED 000         AED 000

Segment revenue
Timing of revenue recognition
Over time                            6,105,327    3,774,481     1,768,447     1,047,309     12,695,564
At a point in time                           -            -             -       940,776        940,776
                                     6,105,327    3,774,481     1,768,447     1,988,085     13,636,340
Segment contribution                 3,560,894    3,130,183     1,500,167       775,387       8,966,631
Unallocated costs                                                                            (5,366,148)
Other income                                                                                        841
Finance income/(costs) and
  share of loss on investment
  accounted for using the
  equity method                                                                                 (42,823)
Federal royalty on regulated
  activities                                                                                 (1,890,650)
Profit for the year                                                                           1,667,851


In order to conform with current period presentation, at a point in time revenue and segment contribution
previously reported under mobile and fixed segment have been re-presented under Others based on the
internal management reporting. Such re-presented figures did not affect the previously reported total
revenue, profit, comprehensive income or equity.

The Group’s assets and liabilities have not been identified to any of the reportable segments as the
majority of the operating fixed assets are fully integrated between segments. The Group believes that it
is not practical to provide segment disclosure relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful
segregation of available data is not feasible.

The Group’s operations are subject to limited level of seasonality and cyclicality.




                                                                                                          (61)
