
===== PAGE 1 =====
2025
ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS
DELIVERING
ENERGY FOR LIFE
adnocls.ae

===== PAGE 2 =====
S
T
N
E
T
N
O
C
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Strong Foundations
and Accelerating Growth
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc is a global leader in integrated
maritime logistics for the energy sector with a world class asset base.
We are headquartered in Abu Dhabi and listed on the Abu Dhabi
Securities Exchange.
Strategic Governance Financial
Report Report Report
Chairman’s Overview 02 Our Corporate Governance 68 Directors’ Report 96
Performance Highlights 04 Board of Directors 69 Independent Auditor’s report 97
CEO’s Statement 06 Share Dealings 73 to the shareholders of ADNOC
2025 in Review 10 Related Party Transactions 74 Logistics & Services PLC
Our Business Executive Management 78 Consolidated statement 103
Business Overview 12 Executive Committee 79 of comprehensive income
Global & Domestic Presence 16 Nomination and Remuneration 80 Consolidated statement 104
Business Model 18 Committee of financial position
Audit Committee 81 Consolidated statement 106
Our Strategy 20
External Auditors 82 of changes in equity
Strategic Foundations 22
Internal Control System 83 Consolidated statement 108
Investment Case 38
General Information 88 of cash flows
Market Overview 40
Notes to the consolidated 110
Key Performance Indicators 42
financial statements
CFO’s Statement 54
Stakeholder Engagement 58
Sustainability Summary 62
ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 1

===== PAGE 3 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
We continued to execute our growth strategy. Technology and AI are embedded in our
Integrated Logistics benefited from improved operations. From optimizing vessel utilization to
CHAIRMAN’S
utilization and additional jack-up barges deployed improving cargo handling through our integrated
during the year. Shipping performance strengthened logistics management systems, we use AI to
through fleet expansion. Services expanded and enhance our service delivery, enhance the
OVERVIEW diversified earnings streams, including through operational performance and reduce emissions
commercial pooling and bunkering activities following across the fleet. Our Smart Port solution, for
the acquisition of Navig8. example, improves the time required for service
sourcing from three hours to just 45 seconds, and
The successful integration of Navig8 was increases jetty utilization by 20%.
the most significant milestone of the year.
The transaction materially expanded our global As we grow globally, we continue to deliver
footprint, added 32 tankers, and strengthened value at home. In 2025, ADNOC L&S delivered over
our commercial capabilities through a combined AED 5 billion in In-Country Value while continuing to
presence with offices in 19 cities worldwide. Today, develop Emirati talent and build long-term national
the platform operates and charters more than 600 capability.
vessels, significantly expanding the scale and reach of
With a strong foundation
the company. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our
and a clear strategic outlook. As ADNOC expands globally through
As a result, ADNOC L&S has evolved into the its rapidly growing trading business, and through
direction, ADNOC L&S
world’s second-largest integrated maritime logistics XRG and its transformational investments across
remains well positioned provider in the energy sector by market capitalization, energy and chemicals, ADNOC Logistics & Services
reinforcing its position as a global logistics champion is uniquely positioned to enable that growth.
to continue supporting
supporting ADNOC’s growth ambitions. Its diversified logistics capabilities, long-term
ADNOC’s global contracted revenue base, and disciplined capital
Financial discipline remains central to our
framework position the company to deliver through
ambitions while delivering strategy. Net debt to EBITDA stood at approximately the economic cycles while pursuing further value-
0.5x at year-end, while free cash flow reached $309 accretive opportunities.
sustainable value for all
million. This strength enables us to pursue value-
stakeholders." accretive growth while maintaining attractive and
In closing, I would like to thank our employees for
predictable shareholder returns.
their professionalism and dedication, our Board
and leadership for their stewardship, and you, our
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber For shareholders, performance translated
shareholders, for your continued trust.
Chairman
into tangible returns. Total dividends for 2025
reached $325 million, around 20% higher year-on-
With a strong foundation and a clear strategic
year. Total shareholder return since our IPO stood at
direction, ADNOC L&S remains well positioned to
212% as of 31 December 2025.
continue supporting ADNOC’s global ambitions while
delivering sustainable value for all stakeholders.
We also enhanced market liquidity and
broadened ownership. Our inclusion in the MSCI
Energy creates value only when it reaches In 2025, this platform delivered record
Emerging Markets Index attracted more than $240
customers safely, reliably, and on time. performance, driven by favorable market demand, million in passive inflows, following ADNOC’s $317 H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber
Logistics is no longer a support function. It is a strong operational execution, and continued million secondary placement that increased free float
Chairman
competitive advantage. It underpins energy security, expansion across the company’s core and growth to 22%. The average daily traded value rose to $19.7
strengthens resilience through volatility, and enables segments. Full-year revenue increased 41% to $5.02 million in the fourth quarter.
growth on a global scale. billion. EBITDA rose 32% to $1.51 billion, with a 30%
EBITDA margin. Net profit reached $863 million.
Operationally, our Value Efficiency Initiative delivered
Behind this result is a resilient business model
ADNOC L&S has built that advantage into a $119 million in 2025, exceeding our target, and we
anchored by long-term contracts representing over
global platform serving customers in more than have raised the annual contribution target to an
60% of revenue across the majority of operations.
50 countries, with an integrated model spanning average of $90 million through 2030.
Forward-contracted revenue now stands at
shipping, integrated logistics, and services. That
approximately $25 billion, providing strong visibility
scale increasingly matters as ADNOC
and stability for the years ahead.
expands internationally.
2 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
2025
OPERATING
& FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS
Revenue EBITDA Net Profit
$5.02 bn $1.51bn $863 mn
2025 2025 2025
2024 $3. 5 bn 2024 $1.1 bn 2024 $756 mn
2023 $2.8 bn 2023 $0.9 bn 2023 $620 mn
Cash flow from
Operations TRIR (Total Recordable Injury Rate)
~$1.4 bn 0.09 58%
Decarbonization:
2025 2025
reduction in CO2
2024 ~$1.1 bn 2024 0.21 intensity vs 2019
baseline
2023 ~$0.9 bn 2023 0.18
4 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
which picked up momentum towards the end of the cargo capacity by up to 40%, improving vessel
year, benefited from the integration of Navig8 and the utilization and reducing port handling time.
continued ramp up of our energy efficient new-build
fleet, contributing $2.1 billion in revenue (+122% vs. We continued to extend the deployment of AIQ’s
CEO’S 2024). Our Services business recorded $362 million cutting-edge, AI-powered SMARTi intelligent
in revenue (+16% vs. 2024), driven by higher port operational safety monitoring solution across our
throughput and the deepening of long-term fleet. We also enhanced our operations with AI-
strategic partnerships. driven technology derived from our acquisition
STATEMENT
of Navig8, including ShipWatch, which has been
deployed on more than 20 of our tankers and gas
Resilience and future readiness
carriers to identify fuel-saving opportunities, reduce
Our robust balance sheet, diversified commercial waste, and enable accurate emissions tracking.
strategy, prudent leverage policy, and strong
operating cash flows anchor our resilience.
Health, Safety and Environment
Long-term contracted revenue streams represent
over 60% of the combined revenue of ADNOC L&S Outstanding HSE performance is central to the
and our joint venture with AW Shipping. This adds pursuit of operational excellence. Over the total of
further stability, enhances earnings visibility and 67.87 million manhours worked in 2025, we achieved
strengthens our resilience to market volatility. a Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) of 0.09 per
million manhours, a +50% improvement year-on-
At year-end 2025, less than Our Value Efficiency Initiative, introduced in year, and even more remarkable given the 19%
early 2025, delivered $119 million over the year, increase in manhours worked. This places us firmly
three years since our listing
surpassing its original target by 19%. The program in the top quartile of our sector.
on the Abu Dhabi Securities is sharpening our cost discipline across OPEX,
financing and ship management, supported by We also made strong headway in delivery of our
Exchange, ADNOC L&S has
deeper integration with our subsidiaries and decarbonization targets, reducing the carbon
become the second-largest selective revenue initiatives that enhance overall intensity of our ocean-going fleet (AER) by some
performance. We remain focused on embedding 58% compared to our 2019 baseline. Our investment
integrated maritime
these efficiencies across the organization and have in energy-efficient new build LNG, ethane and
logistics company for the increased the initiative’s expected contribution to an ammonia carriers will help us make continued
annual average of $90 million through 2030. progress toward our target.
energy sector by market
capitalization." At the same time, accelerated investments in our
Maximizing value from M&A activity
people, the introduction of AI-enabled systems,
and state-of-the-art vessels and onshore logistics Navig8 provides us with a broader international
Captain Abdulkareem Al Masabi facilities, are enhancing our operational capabilities platform for growth and helps us enhance our
Chief Executive Officer and ability to serve our customers. service offerings through technology integration, for
example in commercial pooling and bunkering where
Together, these initiatives will strengthen the Shipping and Services are taking full advantage of
business’s agility and flexibility, enabling us Navig8’s capabilities.
to anticipate challenges earlier and capture
opportunities faster in a world defined by We also continue to unlock the full value potential
2025 was a pivotal year for ADNOC L&S. We not Growth across all segments technological change, market volatility and of the integration with ZMI Holdings, which we
only achieved record financial results and value geopolitical risk. purchased in 2022. In 2025, we consolidated the
ADNOC Group’s global expansion provides a
creation for our shareholders, but also grew the management of a significant proportion of our
strong platform for our continued growth.
business across all segments, diversified into Integrated Logistics support vessel fleet under ZMI.
In 2025, ADNOC L&S continued to deliver on Technology supporting operational
new verticals, and significantly accelerated our
its strategy, anchored in service excellence and
international expansion. The acquisition of Navig8 excellence Our Integrated Logistics arm also secured new
disciplined operational execution. Driven by organic
marked a key milestone as we advanced our growth and our acquisition of an 80% stake in Beyond increasing process efficiency, the digital international opportunities, directly and through
roadmap to elevate ADNOC L&S from a regional Navig8, a leading global shipping company, ADNOC transformation of the business is also delivering ZMI and its operations in Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
powerhouse toward global leadership in the sector. L&S increased revenue to over $5.02 billion and tangible service enhancements, thus creating value These are in addition to the significant expansion
EBITDA to $1.51 billion in 2025, underscoring the for ADNOC L&S and our customers. We deployed required to service ADNOC’s growing UAE
Today, ADNOC L&S has offices in 19 cities worldwide strength and resilience of our diversified energy the GCC’s first-of-its-kind AI-powered Smart Port production operations.
and operates across 50 countries. At year-end
maritime logistics platform in delivering a steady Solution, reducing service sourcing time from an
2025, less than three years since its listing on the
and profitable expansion. average of three hours to 45 seconds, saving 3,000
Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, ADNOC L&S has
hours annually and increasing jetty utilization by 20%.
become the second-largest integrated maritime
Our Integrated Logistics arm generated $2.5 billion
logistics company for the energy sector by
in revenue (+11% vs. 2024) mainly on the back of Further enhancing the Integrated Logistics Services
market capitalization.
expanding offshore support operations, as well Platform (ILSP), we expanded the capability of our
as increased vessel utilization and the successful AI-driven Integrated Logistics Management System
delivery of major marine EPC projects. Shipping, (ILMS), introduced double-stacking of Container
Cargo Units and redesigned containers, increasing
6 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 7

===== PAGE 6 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Total Workforce Safety
Gearing up for further growth
Improvement
Supporting the development of the UAE’s chemicals 12,000+
sector, ADNOC L&S entered into a new 15-year
+50%
strategic partnership agreement with Borouge. employees and
This will extend our long-standing relationship and contractors year-on-year
provide additional facilities and integrated logistics
capabilities to enable the export of additional product
volumes from the Borouge 4 plant expansion.
A 50-year agreement with TA’ZIZ to build, own and
operate a dedicated chemicals port at the TA’ZIZ
Industrial Chemicals Zone in Al Ruwais also supports
the UAE’s industrial expansion. The port will facilitate
the efficient export of chemicals and their derivatives
from this new industrial zone. Construction
completion is planned for the end of 2026.
The strength of our balance sheet, coupled with the
innovative Hybrid Capital Instrument (HCI) which the
company secured in early 2025, provides substantial
capacity to support both planned and other future
strategic growth projects.
People at the core of our success
Our global workforce comprises more than 12,000
people, including more than 3,400 seafarers. Their
experience, expertise and dedication provide us with
a real competitive edge. Every day, I am proud of their
efforts that are behind every voyage, every shift,
every innovative step forward and every successful
project delivery.
I would like to thank our teams around the world,
along with all our stakeholders, for their outstanding
commitment to our continued success.
Captain Abdulkareem Al Masabi
Chief Executive Officer
8 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 9

===== PAGE 7 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
2025 in Review
KEY
2026
MILESTONES
December
• Completion of Al Omairah Island EPC
construction project
November
• Delivery of fourth new-build, 175,000 m3
Al Sadaf LNG carrier - +25% larger than
January • ADNOC L&S joins the MSCI Emerging
legacy models and designed to cut methane
Markets Index, a leading benchmark for
emissions by up to 50%
• Initial $1.1 billion drawdown of Hybrid institutional investors tracking large and mid-
Capital Instrument, which raised cap companies across 24 emerging market
competitive equity financing primarily countries
used to fund the Navig8 acquisition
• Record-breaking 9 months’ financial
• Navig8 acquisition completed adding results announced, reflecting continued
32 vessels to global shipping fleet and October transformational growth and operational
other innovative shipping services, excellence
including AI-driven ShipWatch vessel • Announcement of 50-year agreement to
management system establish a dedicated chemicals port at the • Construction order placed for UAE’s first
February TA’ZIZ Industrial Chemicals Zone in Al Ruwais. prototype Remotely Operated Landing Craft
ADNOC L&S will build, own and operate the Vessels to support offshore operations
• Record 2024 full year results
port, due for completion by end 2026
• Full utilization of $2 billion Hybrid Capital
issued, with exceptional year-
on-year growth • Record of over 100,000 tonnes of upper cargo Instrument final drawdown enables the
transported to ADNOC offshore locations replacement of higher cost financing,
during month supports new vessel delivery payments,
and provides additional liquidity for broader
• Delivery of second new VLEC, Gas Minjiang,
corporate purposes
joining the fleet of AW Shipping
March
• Recognized by global innovation and
• Operational excellence recognized by the
knowledge sharing network organization
• Final 2024 dividend approved, a Maritime Standard with Tanker Operator and
ideasUK with Value for Money and Design
5% year-on-year increase Ship Owner/Operator of the year awards, and
Awards for novel logistics projects
Outstanding Achievement Award for Mohamed
Al Ali, SVP Operations & Offshore Logistics
September
May
• Deployment of first AI-powered Smart
• Delivery of Al Rahba, second of
Port Solution in the GCC, to optimize
six new LNG carriers to service
August petroleum port operations to improve
the terminal of ADNOC Gas at
operational efficiency, reduce costs, and
Das Island.
• Record H1 results announced enhance sustainability
• Delivery of Gas Yongjiang, first of nine new Very
Large Ethane Carriers in major fleet
June expansion program
• Announcement of strategic • Delivery of Al Reef, its third new-build LNG
15-year partnership with Borouge carrier of 2025
to accelerate growth of UAE
• ADNOC L&S overtakes MOL to become
petrochemicals export
second largest global integrated maritime
• Strategic acquisition of Navig8 logistics provider for the energy sector, by
recognized by Marine Money’s Deal of market capitalization
the Year Award
• Successful $317 Million Share Placement
increasing free float to 22%
10 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 11

===== PAGE 8 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
2025 in Review
BUSINESS
OVERVIEW
Vision Values
We are committed to operational
and commercial excellence while To become the integrated The core values of ADNOC Logistics & Services (ADNOC
focusing our strategy to achieve the maritime logistics company L&S), which align with the broader ADNOC Group, are
highest standards of ESG, safety, of choice for the energy underpinned by a commitment to 100% Health, Safety,
reliability and integrity across the sector globally and Environment (HSE).
organization.
Our five core values
Collaborative Respectful Responsible
Emphasizing teamwork and Fostering an inclusive Taking personal accountability
strategic partnerships. environment and treating for actions, complying with
everyone fairly and with dignity. laws, and managing assets and
the environment effectively.
Efficient Progressive
Striving for operational excellence Embracing technology, innovation (such as AI-
and optimizing resources to enhance enabled systems), and continuous improvement
performance and profitability. to drive future growth and decarbonization.
12 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 13

===== PAGE 9 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Who we are What we do
ADNOC L&S is a global leader in integrated maritime We manage our business through three core
logistics for the energy sector with a world class business segments
asset base. We are headquartered in Abu Dhabi and
listed on the Abu Dhab Securities Exchange.
Integrated Logistics Fleet
Delivering comprehensive offshore
Integrated
We operate extensive onshore and offshore 50+ logistics solutions: transporting • JUB 40: 32 owned, 2 bareboat, 6 managed
energy-related logistics facilities and vessels, Logistics personnel, materials, equipment, fuel and
Countries • JUB Time Charter 12
with support for ADNOC’s expanding offshore water; warehousing, support base and
petroleum production and export operations at the shoreside support services; and materials • OSVs 40 owned, plus 9 time chartered in/out
core of our business. We are pursuing a strategy handling and storage, providing diving • Offshore Logistics 94
of transformative growth, servicing both ADNOC’s 100% support; offshore EPC project services. Operate one of the largest logistics bases in the
broader expansion program and developing region at Mussafah, Abu Dhabi
Ownership of
international energy markets that offer
competitive opportunities. Zakher Marine Regional offices in Saudi Arabia and Qatar
ADNOC L&S’s key subsidiaries include Zakher Marine Offices in
International Holdings (ZMI) (100% ownership), an
Offering commercial shipping solutions Shipping Fleet
Abu Dhabi-based owner and operator of offshore 19
Shipping for the transportation of energy and
support vessels; and Navig8 (80% ownership), a • LNG 20
global ship owner and commercial pools operator cities around related products such as crude oil, refined • LPG 7
products, Liquefied Natural Gas and
also offering bunkering and ship management the world
• VLAC 4 Owned by AW Shipping
Liquefied Petroleum Gas.
solutions. Our global reach now encompasses
• VLEC 9 Owned by AW Shipping
international marine transportation and integrated
• Molten Sulphur 2
logistics services to more than 100 energy sector
customers in over 50 countries managed from 80% • Crude & Product 53
offices in 19 cities around the world. • Dry bulk 11
Ownership of
• Container 3
Navig8
*includes new-build vessels on order
100+
Energy sector Services Delivering marine and onshore services Services Fleet
including terminal operations; warehousing
customers 71 covering port services, OSR and other
& onshore materials handling; polymer
support vessel
bagging lines; facilities management;
technical services & equipment Operate onshore ports of Jebel Dhanna and
maintenance; maritime traffic management; Ruwais, Fujairah, and the offshore ports of Das,
petroleum ports operations; oil spill and HNS Zirku, and Mubarraz
response; commercial pools management;
Operate Borouge polymer packing lines, Ruwais
ship management and bunkering; unmanned
Container Terminal and Polymers Gateway at KEZAD
aerial vehicle services.
Operate the largest Oil Spill and Hazardous
and Noxious Substances Response (OSHNSR)
capabilities in the UAE
14 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 15

===== PAGE 10 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Operations Review
OUR
100+
GLOBAL & Customers
DOMESTIC
50+
PRESENCE
Countries
1
Global offices
UAE Offices, bases
and warehouses:
Athens
Mussafah
Oslo Ruwais
London Port of Fujairah
Sharjah
Zayed Port
KEZAD Port of Fujairah
Hamburg
Mumbai Jebel Dhanna
Tokyo Das Island
Shanghai Mubarraz Island Das Island Sharjah
Singapore Zirku Island
Zirku Island
Houston Taipei Mubarraz KEZAD
Island
Florida
Mussafah
New York Geneva Perth Ruwais
Jebel Dhanna Zayed
Rio de Janeiro Port
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Dammam
Doha
1Includes Navi8 offices
16 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 17

===== PAGE 11 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our Business Model
SUSTAINABLE
VALUE CREATION
FOR STAKEHOLDERS
ADNOC L&S is laser-focused
Drivers of our Success A fully-integrated international maritime We create value for
on generating sustainable
logistics and services business
returns through the responsible
management of its current portfolio
and careful selection of new value-
Unique market position Shareholders
accretive opportunities.
A key energy maritime logistics Sustained value creation through a high-
provider for the ADNOC Group growth, low-risk business model with a
proven superior financial performance
Integrated
Forward-Looking Statements
International scale Employees
Logistics
This Report includes forward-looking statements
One of the world’s leading energy Robust career development programs
that are not historical facts, including statements maritime logistics company2 and highly targeted succession
about our financial and market position, strategy, planning strategies help the company
plans, goals and future performance. Words such as build capacity and to develop the next
“anticipates,” “expects,” “will,” and similar expressions generation
identify such statements. These statements reflect Digitally advanced
our current views and reasonable assumptions,
World-leading Integrated Logistics Customers
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and external Services Platform (ILSP)
Truly Integrated Logistics offering a wide
factors that could cause actual results to differ,
range of services and fleet capabilities,
possibly materially, from those expressed or
and deploying technology to provide
implied. Readers should not regard forward-looking
Our people Shipping customers with better, faster and cost-
statements as guarantees of future performance
effective solutions
and are cautioned against undue reliance on them. Employees with vast industry
We do not undertake to update any forward-looking experience, technical acumen and
statements, except as required by applicable law. commercial expertise Community
Effective and transparent
communication with the communities
Truly integrated offering
within which ADNOC L&S operates,
One of the largest integrated energy with a commitment to in-country
supply bases in the region value creation
Partners and suppliers
Financial Strength
Services Responsible supply chain
Robust balance sheet, strong cash- management with robust
flow generation and earnings visibility procurement processes for vendors
through long-term contracting across supply chain
2by market capitalization
18 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 19

===== PAGE 12 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our Strategy
TRANSFORMATIONAL
GROWTH STRATEGY
ADNOC L&S is executing a transformational growth Key levers
strategy that builds on our integrated model across
We focus on four growth levers: (1) Grow with
maritime logistics, shipping and services. We are
ADNOC by capturing a greater share of logistics and
scaling with ADNOC, expanding internationally, and
marine services and enabling new Group projects;
entering adjacent, high value verticals where our
(2) Expand our service offering with existing clients,
capabilities and technology provide an advantage.
leveraging our integrated model to solve end to end
The integration of ZMI and our 80% acquisition of
maritime logistics challenges; (3) Extend international
Navig8, together with our joint venture AW Shipping,
activities and our blue chip customer base through
extends our global reach, deepens capabilities in
Navig8’s global platform and ZMI’s regional
commercial pooling, expands our marine logistics
leadership; and (4) Enter relevant adjacent verticals-
offerings, and accelerates technology deployment
including chemicals logistics and low carbon
across the fleet and ports.
shipping solutions-where our assets, partnerships
and technology create defensible value.
Our strategy is anchored in service excellence,
disciplined capital allocation, long-term contracted
Each lever is underpinned by rigorous HSE
revenues, and the deployment of AI-enabled
performance, disciplined execution and
systems such as ILMS, Smart Port and ShipWatch
AI-enabled operations.
to enhance safety, efficiency and decarbonization.
We will continue to support ADNOC’s growth and
selectively broaden our blue-chip client base by
combining world-class assets with data driven
operating excellence.
Strategy Enablers
AI at scale Portfolio synergies Long-term visibility
ILMS, Smart Port and ZMI integration in offshore High proportion of
ShipWatch deployed logistics; Navig8 platform contracted revenues across
to optimize routing, for pooling, commercial LNG, ethane and services
utilization, bunkering and management underpin resilience and
emissions tracking investment capacity
1 2 3
20 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 21

===== PAGE 13 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
STRATEGIC
FOUNDATIONS
Enhancing the core foundations of our business
In 2025, we advanced AI-enabled platforms across We invested in next generation vessels and smart
operations to lift utilization, reduce turnaround times vessel programs, progressed major long-term
and enable measurable emissions reductions. partnerships (including Borouge), and secured
These platforms include, ILMS in offshore logistics; infrastructure that supports national industrial growth
Smart Port across petroleum ports; ShipWatch on (the 50-year TA’ZIZ chemicals port agreement).
tankers with a wider roll-out across all our vessels These foundations enable repeatable, safe and
in progress. capital efficient growth.
22 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 23

===== PAGE 14 =====
Customer Value
Building scale and integration
• Reduced interface risk
• Accretive M&A - adding
vessels, capabilities, • Faster, more reliable service
commercial opportunities, • Lower total logistics cost
market reach
• Reduced emissions
BUILDING A GLOBAL
• Organic growth - expanding
• One accountable partner
capabilities and capacity
• System-level optimization
• Unlocking synergies –
INTEGRATED LOGISTICS
commercial pooling, diverse
skills and experience,
technology sharing
CAPABILITY • AI - driven systems - ADNOC L&S Value
improving efficiency, reliability,
• Higher asset productivity
asset management and
• Stronger margins
Since its creation in 2016, ADNOC L&S has been on a journey to create a fully integrated marine logistics integrating systems
business of global scale, offering customers a seamless experience across operational segments and • Reduced variability and claims
• End to end ownership -
geographies, driving efficiency and connectivity. Through strategic acquisitions and investment, we have bridging interfaces • Scalable global earnings
added significant scale and global reach, upgraded and expanded our offshore support marine services
• A defensible growth moat
and ocean-going shipping fleets, and put cutting edge technology and AI–enabled systems at the heart
• A unified, technology-enabled operating model
of our operations. 10 years into our journey, we are a truly integrated business delivering outstanding
value to our customers and shareholders.
2016 2020 2021-22 2023 2024-25
Creation of ADNOC L&S Delivered Accretive Shipping Major Integrated Logistics expansion Transformational milestones International Growth & Further Fleet Expansion
Growth Plan
Integration of ADNOC Speedy Abu Dhabi acquisition, adding Launched ILSP, single, tonne-km based, Ordered next generation vessels: LNGCs,
subsidiaries consolidating Established AW Shipping JV significant onshore material handling end-to-end logistics contract for ADNOC VLACs and VLECs
offshore and onshore logistics, and added both crude and gas capability offshore support
Added 20 offshore support assets
shipping and port operations. carriers to fleet
ZMI acquisition expanding into Jack-Up
Record breaking IPO Navig8 acquisition adding 32 tankers,
Barges and new markets
commercial pooling, bunkering, international
Secured $975m EPC contract for G-Island
Inaugurated Borouge Gateway Terminal, offices and AI vessel technology
developing the Lower Zakum field
managing end-to-end logistics for export
of polymer products
Secured contracts for Hail & Ghasha
development EPC and marine and
logistics services
Revenue 2025 Integrated Logistics Service Platform Navig8 Commercial Shipping Pools
+34%
$5.02bn Unified ADNOC L&S-led delivery model Unified commercial management delivering global
CAGR fleet integration
Bundles planning, execution and
performance management across Optimize worldwide chartering, marketing and
multiple logistics services, including operations
marine transport, offshore logistics/base
Efficiency gains from fleet scale, cargo access, risk
support and port/terminal interface
diversification, ballast reduction
Revenue 2023
Streamlined charging model
20 ADNOC L&S tankers integrated into Navig8 pools,
$2.8bn
Single point of accountability making the “global integrated” model real in day-to-
day earnings and positioning
NOITARGETNI
NOITCA
NI
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
24 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 25

===== PAGE 15 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
People
In 2025:
BUILDING A
FUTURE‑READY
+12,000 49.3%
WORKFORCE employees/seafarers Emiratization rate
Core to the strength of ADNOC Embedding a Stronger Culture Through
Engagement and Action
L&S and foundational to our
Our 2025 employee engagement survey reflected
transformational strategy are all the
the significant progress we have made in
skilled and dedicated people that
strengthening the culture and working environment
make up our organization. Through across the organization, while flagging up areas for
further action. Employees rated the strength of our
our People First strategy we are
culture, focus on sustainability, and clarity of goals
harnessing and nurturing their among the dimensions they valued most highly.
Overall, positive engagement rose to a healthy 75%,
talent, and building a highly capable,
up from 62% in 2022, while employee experience
diverse and motivated future-ready also increased year-on-year and reached 84%,
workforce. reflecting the impact of targeted interventions and
leadership focus.
In 2025, we continued to advance our ambitions
through a comprehensive program of employee We took action to address opportunities for
engagement, capability building and strategic improvement identified through the survey, delivering
workforce development. With more than 12,000 over 315 business-level and 50 corporate-level
people working across our vessels, offshore action plans. Initiatives such as the Employee of the
operations, logistics hubs, and corporate and Month recognition program were introduced directly
subsidiary offices, ADNOC L&S strengthened its in response to employee feedback.
position as an employer of choice by investing in
Aligned with the ADNOC Group initiative, our 2025
cultural alignment, wellbeing, talent management,
Culture Renovation program focused on reinforcing
leadership readiness, and future skills development.
shared values, enhancing leadership visibility, and
promoting a supportive environment for working
parents and youth. We established regular leadership
townhalls and management updates reinforcing
culture and values, and undertook a successful
offsite engagement program, which included ZMI
and Navig8 employees. A full calendar of wellbeing,
social and sports activities, including Iftar gatherings,
beach clean-ups, and family day was delivered.
We believe that all these efforts contributed to a
more connected, inclusive and energized workforce.
26 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 27

===== PAGE 16 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Empowering the Next Generation
Building a Strong Talent Pipeline for the At its core, the committee acts as a bridge between
Future The ADNOC L&S Youth Committee has emerged as youth and leadership, fostering an environment in
a vital platform for empowering young professionals, which young talent feels connected, confident and
We strengthened our talent pipeline through
strengthening engagement, and fostering leadership encouraged to take initiative. It supports professional
strategic hiring, internal mobility, and succession
across the organization. Created to ensure youth growth by offering exposure to real responsibilities,
planning. In 2025, we onboarded 125 new joiners,
voices are heard and meaningfully involved in the cross-functional collaboration, and opportunities
while 53 internal transfers supported agility and
business, the committee provides a structured to represent ADNOC L&S at internal and
succession readiness. Seven senior hires at vice
avenue for young employees to contribute beyond external events.
president level and above reinforced
their day-to-day roles and gain exposure to
leadership depth.
new experiences. Throughout 2024 and 2025, the Youth Committee
delivered a diverse program of high-impact activities.
We introduced a new policy in 2025 under which
These included leadership visits across ADNOC
internal talent pools are explored first to fill all
sites, participation in major events such as ADIPEC,
leadership vacancies to drive greater opportunity,
and active involvement in townhalls, roundtables,
transparency and mobility within the organization.
and corporate engagements. Engagement levels
We focused on succession planning and initiated We enabled young
were consistently strong, with young employees
development discussions with identified successors
professionals to take on from multiple departments taking part not only as
and began building a structured 2026 plan to
attendees but as organizers, speakers, moderators
enhance readiness for critical roles. real responsibility and
Specialized training continued for marine and and ambassadors. Signature initiatives including the
technical teams, delivered through dedicated work across functions, Al Reem Vessel Iftar, the Knowledge Exchange Hub,
The organization also continued to invest in early
in-house arrangements to meet the unique needs the Ship Management Youth Panel, and the ADIPEC
career talent, with ten Emirati graduate trainees of seafaring staff. We are also utilizing retired strengthening ownership, Ambassador program provided opportunities for
completing their development journeys and
transitioning into permanent roles. Youth and early employees, engaging them in specific projects building connections, and members to learn, engage with external stakeholders
through which they can bring to bear their specialist and build strong networks. ADNOC L&S Youth Forum,
career programs provided meaningful exposure,
expertise and offer guidance and mentorship to developing a strong sense of planned for early 2026, is expected to draw more
on-the-job learning, and structured development
younger employees. than 200 attendees.
aligned with ADNOC’s competency framework. purpose and belonging within
the organization.”
Driving Performance Through Shared
Capability Building: Developing Skills for a
Services and Workforce Integration
Digital and AI-Enabled Future Adam Al Hammadi
We continued to evolve our organizational design Member
Learning and development remained a strategic
and workforce planning to support a more global, The Youth Committee has
priority across levels. Core programs covered HSE,
integrated operating model. The creation of the
technical, functional, behavioral and leadership played a meaningful role in
Transformation & Asset Management Team helped
skills, with access to ADNOC’s extensive online
harmonize processes across subsidiaries, while representing the voice of
learning tools. An important new AI Learning
cross-subsidiary talent sharing enabled expertise to
Program was established to equip employees with
flow between ADNOC L&S, ZMI and Navig8. youth within ADNOC L&S,
future-focused capabilities aligned with the Group’s
digital transformation agenda and the AI-enabled delivering positive outcomes
The organization also strengthened onboarding
technology that is being deployed throughout
and welfare standards for outsourced manpower, in engagement, culture and
the business.
supporting compliance with ADNOC requirements
talent development. It created
and international maritime regulations.
The launch of ADNOC’s Skills Management
a bridge between youth
Framework strengthened assessment and
development pathways, supported by leadership A People Strategy Anchored in Sustainable and leadership, encouraged
communications, practical guides, and self-service Impact
tools enabling employees to view their skills profiles initiative taking, and supported
Looking ahead to 2026, we plan to deepen our
and growth opportunities. A new system, OneTalent,
investment in leadership capability, expand a more collaborative working
was introduced in 2025 to collect training needs
AI-enabled learning, strengthen succession
identified through performance reviews for all environment.”
readiness, and continue building a connected,
employees, route them for management approval,
high-performing workforce that supports the
and align them with the approved budget. Some 85% Rayan Alshami
company’s strategic ambitions and ADNOC’s wider
of identified training needs were met in 2025.
Co-chairperson
vision for a world-class energy ecosystem.
28 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 29

===== PAGE 17 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our people in action What was the most challenging moment in 2025 How do digital tools and AI-driven systems
and what helped you succeed? support your daily work and decisions?
Saif Zaid Al Ali - Third Officer • Crewing Team
Taking delivery of a newbuild vessel (LNG carrier Advanced navigation, cargo and safety systems
Al Sadaf) for the first time. Being involved from significantly reduce human error and enhance
Saif is one of our young officers, part of a cohort
the outset and setting up procedures, systems situational awareness. They allow officers to
of graduates from our cadet training program that
and inspections required constant learning and focus on decision-making rather than manual
represent the latest generation in the long and
adaptability. Preparing for SIRE, PSC, and Flag workload, improving safety of life, environment,
proud Emirati seafaring heritage. Here he gives his
inspections under pressure accelerated my growth and assets. Further developments will support
insight into the opportunities, challenges and overall
and strengthened my operational confidence. predictive maintenance, navigational risk
experience of working at the heart of ADNOC
Learning advanced systems while applying them assessment, voyage optimization, and decision
L&S’s business.
under operational pressure had the greatest impact. support, especially in cargo operations and in
high-traffic and complex operating environments.
Describe your role and what a good day looks like.
What real example of teamwork and ADNOC’s
The committee’s impact is evident in the increased As a Third Officer, my role is to ensure the culture in action can you share? What makes you proud to work here and what
confidence, collaboration, and leadership readiness safe navigation of the vessel through effective message would you share with someone
among its members. Youth participants have gained watchkeeping and compliance with international Safe ship operations depend on seamless joining ADNOC L&S on a similar path?
valuable experience in public speaking, event regulations. A good day is a clear horizon, minimal coordination between deck and engine teams.
coordination, teamwork, and cross-departmental traffic, stable weather, and steady progress across Navigators and engineers work in synchronization I am proud to represent the UAE and ADNOC L&S,
engagement. Just as importantly, the committee an open ocean, when safety, focus and calm operating in confined waters and managing cargo contributing to global clean energy supply, and
has strengthened relationships across the come together. operations, creating a level of precision that allows a being part of a forward-looking organization that
organization and fostered a sense of belonging and complex vessel to safely transport hazardous cargo invests in its people and fleet. As a young officer,
purpose among young employees. What did you learn most in 2025 that made you and support global clean energy demand. consistency, determination, and patience are key.
The maritime sector evolves quickly. Those who
better at your job?
Through its initiatives, the Youth Committee What does “accountability” look like in daily stay curious, disciplined, and adaptable will stand
continues to shape a more connected, empowered, I learned that confidence, when backed by operations? out and succeed. Be proactive, stay humble,
and future-ready workforce, helping the next preparation, changes everything. With the right and never stop learning. Ask questions, prepare
generation of leaders to be equipped, engaged and mindset, any responsibility can be handled. Accountability at sea directly affects lives. It means thoroughly, and treat every single operation as a
inspired to contribute to the company’s long-term Knowledge and experience are built through taking ownership of navigation, safety equipment, learning opportunity.
success. commitment, continuous learning, and never and procedures every day. A lapse in accountability
can compromise safety, teamwork and trust, while
accepting limitations, especially those imposed
strong accountability keeps operations safe
by others.
and reliable.
30 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 31

===== PAGE 18 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
The LNG fleet surpassed 16.62 million LTI-free 97%, demonstrating disciplined execution and
manhours, while ZMI and Petroleum Ports Operations adherence to safe work practices.
achieved zero recordable incidents, reflecting the
strength of risk management, focused campaigns, A major focus in 2025 was enhancing HSE capability
and empowered frontline teams. We executed the across the workforce. HSE competencies increased
100% HSE: successful transfer of 107 OSVs and marine service by 32%, supported by enhanced induction
vessels from ADNOC L&S to the newly established programs, targeted training, and hands-on coaching.
ZMI Ship Management Department, completing this Participation in drills and HSE communications rose
OPERATIONAL major transformation program with zero incidents. by 33%, strengthening awareness and reinforcing a
We also maintained an incident-free performance culture of shared responsibility.
across occupational illness, environmental, and fire
EXCELLENCE safety, underscoring our holistic approach to health, Innovation was a key catalyst for transformation.
environment, and asset protection. SMARTi, our AI-powered intelligent safety monitoring
system, is deployed across 86 vessels. Processing
FOUNDATION Our commitment to road safety delivered equally more than one billion predictions daily with over 90%
impressive results. Through targeted interventions accuracy, SMARTi delivers real-time detection of
and a culture of accountability, road safety violations unsafe behaviors, enabling rapid intervention and
fell by 49%, from 253 in 2024 to 129 in 2025 - significantly enhancing crew safety. This supports
AND LICENSE TO
protecting lives and safeguarding critical assets real-time responsiveness by vessel crews and
across the UAE. onshore Command & Control Centers, while
allowing AI models to be updated remotely to adapt
OPERATE
ADNOC L&S continued to strengthen its Integrated to evolving operational and HSE requirements.
Management System, achieving zero major We also deployed our Smart Port initiative across
non-conformities during rigorous external assurance petroleum port operations, reducing vessel
We believe that a strong HSE culture and performance underpins
processes and maintaining certification across turnaround time by up to 90%, cutting service
superior operational performance and is a sign of effective leadership seven ISO standards, as well as the Document sourcing time from three hours to just 45 seconds.
of Compliance for both UAE and Liberia flags. By saving 3,000 hours annually, the solution is
and a committed and highly competent workforce. It is an essential
Leadership visibility increased by 15%, led by the expected to deliver $950,000 (AED3.5 million) in
component in securing and maintaining our license to operate. CEO’s regular site visits, reinforcing a culture where operational savings by 2028. The solution also
safety is championed from the executive level to increases jetty utilization by 20%, improving overall
frontline operations. Compliance with the Electronic port efficiency, which is projected to deliver a 10%
Work Management System reached improvement in vessel management.
In 2025, ADNOC Logistics & Services advanced one of
the most significant HSE transformations in its history.
This was a year defined by discipline, innovation, and a
deep cultural shift - embedding 100% HSE as a core
operational value across every business line, every
vessel, and every worksite. The results were not only
measurable, but amongst the industry-leading.
We achieved an exceptional Total Recordable Injury 67.87 19%
Rate (TRIR) of 0.09, more than 57% below 2024
and outperforming our 2025 target by 78% and Million Total Increase in
placing the company among the safest operators Exposure Hours Exposure Hours
in the global maritime and energy logistics sector.
This performance was achieved while exposure
hours increased to 67.87 million, a 19% rise from
2024 - demonstrating that growth and safety can
advance hand-in-hand when operational discipline is
embedded throughout the business. As part of the
successful integration with Navig8, we are sharing our
100% HSE culture and ambition and exchanging This year’s achievements reflect more than As ADNOC L&S looks ahead, we seek to deepen
strong performance - they represent a cultural collaboration with marine contractors and partners,
best practices.
transformation. ADNOC L&S has striven to reinforcing a simple but powerful message: everyone
For the third consecutive year, we recorded zero 0.09 78% embed HSE as an operational discipline, driving goes home safe, every day.
fatalities and zero catastrophic events, reinforcing our accountability sits with every leader, supervisor, and
unwavering commitment to a zero-harm workplace. Total Recordable Outperformance team member. We have strengthened our license to With a culture built on empowerment, innovation,
Across the fleet and onshore operations, safety Injury Rate (TRIR) against TRIR target operate through full compliance with international and operational excellence, we aim to set new global
excellence was evident. maritime standards and a relentless focus on benchmarks for safety and sustainability in energy
learning from incidents, proactive risk management, logistics and secure a key foundational component
and STOP Work Authority. of operational excellence - today and for the future.
32 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 33

===== PAGE 19 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
TECHNOLOGY
FOUNDATIONS
Advancing a Smarter, Safer and
More Sustainable Maritime Future
In 2025, ADNOC L&S continued to strengthen the AI-Powered Smart Port Solution
technological foundations of its business, investing
The GCC’s first AI-Powered Smart Port Solution
in new and upgraded AI-enabled platforms and next
was deployed across ADNOC L&S’s petroleum port
generation vessel design.
operations, providing real time coordination and
transforming resource allocation.
These technology developments are a core enabler
of our transformational growth strategy and reinforce
The platform automates service sourcing, vessel
our position as a leading integrated maritime
scheduling and jetty assignment, enabling:
logistics provider for the energy sector.
Integrated Logistics Management SMARTi Intelligent Safety Monitoring
Deploying AI-Enabled Platforms Across Core Service sourcing Approximately System (ILMS)
ADNOC L&S expanded the deployment of SMARTi,
Operations time reduced from
AI-enabled enhancements to the ILMS platform, an AI-enabled operational safety monitoring solution
three hours to
ADNOC L&S continued to embed advanced AI 3,000 which drives day-to-day cargo and vessel developed with AIQ. SMARTi uses computer vision
capabilities across its Integrated Logistics, Shipping management under the Integrated Logistics and machine learning to detect unsafe behaviors
operational hours
and Services segments in 2025, accelerating 45 seconds Services Platform (ILSP) delivered substantial and hazards in real time and prompt preventative
saved annually
operational efficiency, strengthening safety efficiency gains in cargo handling, vessel routing, and corrective actions.
performance, and supporting our decarbonization vessel turnaround and fleet utilization that support
agenda. They also play a central role in integrating Significant ADNOC’s offshore operations. In 2025:
the company’s activities, improving visibility and co- 20% reductions in vessel
ordination across the interfaces between operating turnaround Key upgrades included: • SMARTi was deployed across 86 vessels
increase in jetty
teams, and enabling effective coordination with • The system processed over one billion
customers and partners. utilization time • Predictive cargo routing predictions daily
• AI-driven vessel optimization
• Accuracy exceeded 90%
• Double stacked Container Cargo Units, increasing
Lower • SMARTi enabled proactive intervention and
cargo capacity by up to 40%
strengthened frontline safety culture
emissions
• Reduced port handling time
through optimized These enhancements contributed to ADNOC
port operations • Integration with smart warehouse systems at L&S achieving a TRIR of 0.09, a 78% improvement
Mussafah Base against our target, with zero fatalities and zero
catastrophic events.
The system is now operational across Das, Zirku, ILMS supported record operational activity in 2025,
Mubarraz, Ruwais and Jebel Dhanna, and is projected includ ing:
to reduce carbon emissions by more than 20%
• Over 2.1 million tonnes of cargo moved
through more efficient deployment of
marine services. • More than 100,000 tonnes of upper deck
cargo in October
• Almost 255,000 passenger transfers
• Operations across 120+ vessels and
60+ offshore destinations
The platform is expected to deliver further efficiency
gains as optimization continues.
34 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 35

===== PAGE 20 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
ShipWatch Vessel and Fleet Analytics • Dashboards and reporting: custom dashboards
visualize critical metrics, trends and investigations
Unlocking value from our most recent major
for operators and management
acquisition, we have successfully deployed
ShipWatch, an advanced analytics platform Value to shipping operations:
developed by Navig8, across more than 20 of our
tankers and are progressing its further roll out across • Cost reduction: by detecting inefficiencies,
our shipping fleet ShipWatch is a proven voyage- misreporting, and suboptimal operations,
execution, auditing and performance analytics ShipWatch helps prevent waste and cut bunker
platform for marine fleets. It integrates multiple expenses. Burning less fuel reduces
sources of vessel data to monitor operations in harmful emissions
real time, validate inputs, and detect irregularities, • Risk mitigation and compliance: early detection
enabling operators to act quickly to improve of non-compliance or anomalies helps avoid
voyage efficiency. regulatory penalties, reputational risks, and
revenue losses
Key features:
• Operational transparency and control: fleet
managers gain better insight into vessel behaviour,
• Data aggregation and validation: gathers multi-
enabling more informed decisions
source input (ship sensors, AIS, logs) and cross-
validates them • Performance optimization: continuous feedback
loops (data → modelling → investigation → action)
• Alerts and anomaly detection: real-time alerts flag
drive incremental improvements over time
deviations from voyage orders or unusual reporting
• ShipWatch is a key contributor to ADNOC L&S’s
• Emissions and compliance monitoring: continuous
decarbonization progress across our shipping
tracking of emissions and performance indicators
fleet, including all types of dry, container,
to support regulatory compliance (e.g. Carbon
tanker, LNG, LPG, ethane, ammonia and liquid
Intensity Indicator - CII)
sulphur vessels
• Hull performance and fouling modeling: uses
machine learning to assess hull health and fouling
risk, to optimize maintenance timing
Intelligent Warehouse AI Drone Command and Control Center
Our Intelligent Warehouse is ADNOC L&S’s AI- Our AI Drone Command and Control Center is
powered logistics hub delivering real-time visibility ADNOC L&S’s centralized platform for managing
and efficiency across offshore operations in support drone operations, enabling advanced inspection,
of ADNOC’s storage space requirements. Key aerial surveillance and data analytics to support
benefits include: ADNOC’s offshore logistics needs.
• Significantly enhancing safety by reducing • Digital integration: AI-driven drones into ADNOC
human exposure to potential risks and minimizing workflows for inspections and monitoring
movement by 95%
• Advanced analytics: Eight AI models for predictive
• Digital integration: Seamless connectivity with insights and anomaly detection
ILMS and SAP workflows
• Cost gains: Up to 30% reduction in overall project
• Robotics applications: Features advanced robotic cost compared to physical processes
technology systems
• Data security: 100% mission data security under
• Faster operations: Up to 85% faster picking and ADNOC Policy for all ADNOC offshore data
placement reducing material handling time
ADNOC L&S delivers drone services covering 12
• Reliability boost: 100% inventory accuracy for all use cases to ADNOC Group aligned with ADNOC’s
ADNOC Offshore ILSP materials approved framework covering operational efficiency,
safety and sustainability.
The Intelligent Warehouse leverages AI and five
robotics applications to automate storage, retrieval
and materials handling, delivering real-time visibility
and efficiency for ADNOC offshore logistics.
36 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 37

===== PAGE 21 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Investment Case
5. Inorganic growth through value- 6. Supporting energy transition
accretive M&A
Investment into modern energy efficient
REASONS TO INVEST
Demonstrable capability to integrate and vessels, repurposing of vessels,
grow high-quality businesses and unlock maintaining our fleet and transporting
synergies to deliver attractive value-accretion to low-carbon energy resources. First 4 new
IN ADNOC L&S shareholders from acquisitions. generation dual fueled LNG and 2 VLEC
now delivered.
• In the first year post the ZMI’s acquisition,
Investing in the world’s fastest growing integrated ADNOC L&S grew the market-leading jack-up
barges fleet by 25%
marine logistics provider for the energy sector
• Immediately post-acquisition of 80% of Navig8,
ADNOC L&S added 20 tankers to Navig8’s
commercial pools
The company sees significant potential to
1. Visible long-term revenue
deliver valuable growth through high-quality
streams
acquisitions and partnerships.
Over 980 years of contracted
revenue, with over $25 billion of future
contracted revenue as at 31 December
2025.
2. Growing with ADNOC’s ambitious
expansion agenda
ADNOC L&S is an important part Delivering Shareholder Value
of ADNOC Group’s domestic and
international growth ambitions.
ADNOC Group’s logistics requirements
Leading beneficiary Resilience and Compelling entry Solid financial
are growing due to ongoing plans Strong outlook
of ADNOC’s growth stability point capacity
to increase production to 5 million
barrels per day by 2027 and expand
internationally, with $150bn capital
expenditure already projected. >$2 bn $25 bn >9% CAGR 0.46x
Liquidity
2026 Revenue Long-term contracted EBITDA 2024-29 Improvement: Free Net debt to EBITDA
3. Financial strength and contracted with revenue Float increased by ratio
growth capacity ADNOC 3% to 22% through
accelerated book
Strong balance sheet, prudent which paved the way
leverage policy and robust free cash for MSCI inclusion
flow generation, providing significant $21 bn >980 years $3 bn and attracted more 2.0-2.5x
investment capacity; current net debt Forward contracted Total forward + of incremental than $240 million in Targeted net debt to
to EBITDA ratio of 0.46x, with target net revenue with ADNOC contracted revenue financial capacity passive inflows. EBITDA ratio
debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.0 to 2.5x.
(2026+) years by 2029
4. Blue-chip international
RCF:
customer base
~53% +212%
Strong international client base with $2.0 bn
ADNOC provides 2026 revenues ZMI + Navig8 global Total shareholder
strong record of client retention. + $600m uplift
massive international contracted platform for further return since IPO
Increased international reach through SOFR+80 bps
growth in Chemicals, growth
Navig8 acquisition and offices now HCI:
Gas and Oil
established in 19 cities across SOFR+125 bps
5 continents.
38 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 39

===== PAGE 22 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
MARKET OVERVIEW
& OUTLOOK
Integrated Logistics Aging Fleet and Ton-Mile Growth
Offshore Support Vessel (OSV) rates remain elevated Significant fleet replacement due to vessel aging
in the Middle East regions, and in some vessel (nearly 41% of the global VLCC fleet is over 15 years
classes, such as jack-up barges (JUBs) and Anchor- old) and increasing environmental regulations are
Handling Tug Supply (AHTS) vessels, are significantly likely to remain at the forefront of market activity.
above their long-term historical averages. While The rise of the “shadow fleet” further complicates
rates for some high-specification JUBs and floaters regulatory enforcement and data integrity.
saw a slight decline in H1 2025, they remain well
above long-term trends. This continued elevation In tanker markets, greater long-haul activity is
is primarily due to robust utilization rates, strong expected as production growth moves to the
demand from offshore oil and gas production, Americas and consumption growth remains in the
as well as associated offshore activities such as Far East. This increased ton-mile demand, along
engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) with sustained strength in major offshore vessel
work, and maintenance of existing offshore facilities. supporting segments (as demand continues to
outweigh new vessel deliveries), underpins the
The global OSV market is projected to grow steadily market outlook.
in the next decade. However, a potential short-
term softening in demand is noted for 2025/2026, Gas Demand Showing Signs of Robust
linked to flat final investment decisions (FIDs) and Growth
a forecasted dip in FPSO installations. Despite this,
The global demand for LNG, LPG, and clean
the lack of new vessel supply and an aging global
ammonia trade continues to grow, driven by the
fleet are expected to tighten availability and support
increasing importance of lower-carbon fuels to
stronger rates in 2026–2027.
meet energy transition targets. Seaborne gas trade
is expected to remain robust; the LPG trade is
Shipping
projected to rise 6% in 2026, supported by higher
Shipping rates during 2025 remained relatively exports from the US and the Middle East.
robust compared to previous years, particularly in the
tanker markets, although uncertainty remained a key For LNG, a massive new wave of supply (including
theme. Geopolitical disruptions, an aging fleet, and new capacity from the US and Qatar) is poised
U.S. sanctions continue to keep the supply-demand to hit the market in 2026, potentially creating a
balance tight, driving up crude tanker rates in the temporary surplus and pressuring spot prices,
second half of the year. VLCC rates have firmed and but stimulating price-sensitive demand in Asia.
are expected to stay elevated through H1 2026. This significant expansion is expected to drive
long-term demand growth, with trade volumes
In the gas segments (LNG, LPG, and ethane forecasted to surge approximately 60% by 2030.
carriers), charter rates have come under pressure The growing importance of low-carbon transition
due to a relatively higher order book compared to fuels is a primary driver behind ADNOC L&S’ recent
other sectors. However, ADNOC L&S’ long-term investments in sustainable shipping solutions.
contractual coverage mainly focused within this
segment means it is less exposed to downturns in
associated LNG and LPG charter rates.
40 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 41

===== PAGE 23 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
2025
KEY OPERATIONAL
PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS
Utilization Rates - Integrated Logistics
Vessel Availability Vessel Utilization Average Vessel
Deck Utilization
92.90% 91.17% 90.20%
Offshore Logistics
Total Cargo (including Offshore Passenger
EPC Cargo) ILSP Cargo Tonnage Movements
2,520,963.9 2,349,240.4 253,994
tonnes tonnes PAX
Utilization Rates: Port ship visits
91.17% 5,532
Shipping managed
The highlights relating to offshore logistics represent exceptional accomplishments and
record-breaking performance as compared to previous years.
42 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 43

===== PAGE 24 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
OPERATIONAL
PERFORMANCE BY
BUSINESS SEGMENT
All three of our business segments, Integrated Logistics, Shipping and Services, contributed exceptional operational,
financial and HSE performance during 2025, grounded in an extensive contracted portfolio; significant efficiency
gains, driven by AI-enabled technology; and a highly competent organization with a laser focus on achieving
our 100% HSE goal. All segments also secured important new business opportunities supporting future growth
contributing to our smart and sustainable growth strategy.
INTEGRATED
LOGISTICS
At the core of our Integrated Logistics business
Integrated Logistics is the largest operating
is the pivotal support we provide to ADNOC’s
segment in ADNOC L&S, managing an
growing offshore production operations, utilizing
extensive array of facilities and vessels
our Integrated Logistics Services Platform (ILSP),
transporting people, materials and one of the world’s largest and most sophisticated
equipment essential for developing offshore logistics ecosystems. Supporting more
than 120 vessels and over 60 offshore destinations,
and maintaining vital offshore energy
the platform has transformed how ADNOC Offshore
production. In 2025, Integrated Logistics
receives materials and services. By consolidating
continued to evolve and grow its business,
previously fragmented contracts into a single,
and delivered its strongest operational integrated model built around a transparent
performance to date, driven by an cost-per-ton mechanism, ILSP has reduced
administrative burden, enhanced planning accuracy,
unwavering commitment to customer
and significantly lowered non-productive time (NPT) ILSP: Amongst the world leading integrated logistics platform
centricity, operational excellence, safety,
for drilling and production.
and digital transformation.
Supports
>60 120+ 750+
offshore destinations Vessels logistics professionals
Monthly record
1.5 million m² 100,000+
2.3million
logistics base (one of the tonnes of upper/deck
world’s largest) cargo set in October tonnes total cargo moved
44 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 45

===== PAGE 25 =====
SSttrraatteeggiicc RReeppoorrtt // GGoovveerrnnaannccee RReeppoorrtt // FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
2025 marked a year of record-breaking operational 5-10% as we optimize the system. Also, at Mussafah, particularly by Qatar’s anticipated offshore expansion offshore engineering, procurement and construction
scale in the UAE. In October alone, ILSP delivered we completed the construction of our first smart plans from 2026. contracts.
more than 100,000 tonnes of upper deck cargo - the warehouse in our logistic base. This fully automated
highest monthly volume ever recorded by ILSP- facility is now operational providing highly efficient ZMI is now fully embedded as a key component We also successfully completed the fabrication, load
contributing to an annual total of almost 1 million stock management and material handling, as well as in the operational engine of ADNOC L&S offshore out and the offshore installation of the Bu Haseer
tonnes, a 15% increase over 2024. Passenger a safer working environment. logistics. As well as being among the leading ESP modules as main EPC contractor. We also
movements also surged, with 255,000 people operators of a fleet of self-propelled JUBs and successfully completed DAS LNG Berth upgrading
transported safely offshore, reflecting ADNOC’s Further enhancing the ILSP operational impact, dynamically positioned OSVs, in common with activities. This allows berthing of larger LNG vessels
expanding project activity. we introduced double stacking of container cargo ADNOC L&S, ZMI also utilizes one of the market of up to 180,000 cubic meters, including the next
units and redesigned containers, increasing leading AI-driven technology solutions to optimize generation LNG carriers that we added to our fleet in
The year also saw significant development of the cargo capacity by up to 40%, improving vessel planning and deliver superior service levels to its 2025, to be accommodated to serve ADNOC Gas’s
marine fleet. ADNOC L&S mobilized an additional 19 utilization, and reducing port handling time. In clients. In addition, ZMI has established its presence growing export operations.
vessels to support ILSP operations and advanced 2025, we introduced self-discharging Jet A1 fuel in both the North Sea and US East Coast to
the acquisition of seven new DP2 vessels, with containers to ensure safe helicopter refueling during support the development and operation of offshore Expanding our subsea business, we have been
deliveries spanning late 2025 and early 2026. adverse weather, progressed the development of renewable wind projects. awarded two key five-year subsea contracts within
These additions will further enhance the scope and cargo-carrying drones for urgent deliveries, and ADNOC Group. These are for inspection repair and
quality of our support for ADNOC’s offshore drilling announced plans for advanced passenger and maintenance (IRM) and emergency pipeline repair
Engineering, procurement and construction
campaigns and production operations, and enable us remotely operated cargo vessels scheduled for services (EPRS). These contracts underpin the
(EPC) projects
to continue to expand our portfolio of other clients in delivery in 2027. integrity, availability, and emergency preparedness
both the UAE and elsewhere in the GCC region. We continued to execute effectively a number of of ADNOC’s offshore and subsea infrastructure,
These innovations reflect ADNOC L&S’s ambition to EPC projects offshore Abu Dhabi that involve a positioning ADNOC L&S as the primary lifecycle and
Utilizing AI-driven technology, alongside innovative redefine offshore logistics through smart AI-driven, significant marine spread. The largest of these, the Al emergency response partner for subsea assets.
and imaginative design solutions, continued to zero/low emissions and next-generation Omairah Island construction project - also known as
accelerate improvements in our performance, driving maritime technology. G-Islands – was successfully completed in Q4 2025. Through scale, innovation, customer centricity
operational efficiency to new levels and contributing The $975 million project involved the construction and laser focused execution, Integrated Logistics
to our outstanding HSE performance. Most We completed a major integration project to unlock of an artificial island at the Lower Zakum field, with has enhanced our position as a strategic enabler
significantly in 2025, the rollout of the AI-enabled further value from our 2022 acquisition of ZMI. dredging, land reclamation and marine construction. of ADNOC’s upstream ambitions and a highly
Integrated Logistics Management System (ILMS) at The technical and crewing management of over The Al Omairah project provides support to ADNOC competitive player in GCC energy markets and
our Mussafah Base enhanced route optimization, 120 OSV’s were consolidated under ZMI, bringing Group’s long-term objectives to increase oil and gas beyond. The achievements of 2025 reflect not only
asset utilization and delivery precision, ensuring together personnel, systems, offices and digital production and its responsibility to meet domestic operational excellence but also the organization’s
materials reached the right destination at the right systems and unlocking significant efficiencies. and global energy demand. This project represented ability to anticipate future needs, invest in
time. This technology has become a critical enabler ZMI continues to be one of the largest integrated a significant contract for ADNOC L&S and its transformative technologies, and deliver value for all
in reducing vessel turnaround times and eliminating maritime logistics provider in both Saudi Arabia successful completion, on schedule and budget stakeholders safely, reliably and responsibly.
avoidable non-productive time at ADNOC’s offshore and Qatar and is well placed to capture additional and meeting KPIs for both safety and in-country
facilities. We anticipate efficiency improvements of opportunities as offshore activity grows, driven value, demonstrates our capability to execute major
46 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 47

===== PAGE 26 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Fleet expansion and modernization is a central
The strategic value of the
pillar of our smart growth strategy. During 2025,
acquisition of an 80% stake in
Operations Review we took delivery of Al Rahba, Al Reef, Al Sadaf LNG
Shipping accelerated its global
Navig8, with full ownership planned carriers from Jiangnan Shipyard. They joined Al
expansion, enhanced its fleet, and Shelila, completed in 2024, as the first four of six
by 2027, was recognized by the
in common with our other business 175,000 m3 capacity next generation LNG carriers
SHIPPING prestigious Marine Money’s Deal of to be added to our fleet before the end of 2026.
segments delivered healthy
These vessels feature advanced dual-fuel engines
the Year Award.
operational and financial performance and methane-reduction technologies, supporting
during 2025. The segment’s More importantly, the completion of the acquisition ADNOC’s lower-carbon energy ambitions. Our
AW Shipping joint venture also took delivery of
transformation was anchored by the signaled the start of the integration of Navig8’s
Gas Yongjiang and Gas Minjiang, the first two of
business with our own. Navig8 brings not only a fleet
completion of the landmark acquisition
nine 98,000 cubic meters capacity Very Large
of 32 tankers, adding significant shipping capacity
of Navig8 and the delivery of five Ethane Carriers (VLECs). We have already secured
to our fleet, it will be our platform for growth within
long-term contracts of 15-20 years for 13 LNG
new state-of-the-art vessels in our our Shipping segment given its global presence
vessels with ADNOC Gas, starting Q2 2026, and all
across 15 cities on five continents, deep expertise
27-vessel fleet modernization and
nine ethane carriers will operate under long-term
in commercial pooling, AI-driven technology that
expansion program. contracts totaling 180 years and generating a
enables greater vessel performance and efficiency,
projected $4 billion in revenue. Once all nine vessels
and access to a marine fuels network operating in
are delivered, AW Shipping will operate one of
more than a thousand ports worldwide.
the world’s largest VLEC fleets. AW Shipping also
awarded shipbuilding contracts to the Jiangnan
In early 2025, Navig8 commenced commercial
Shipyard for the construction of four Very Large
management of 20 ADNOC L&S tankers, integrating
Ammonia Carriers (VLACs). The VLECs and VLACs
eight VLCCs, eight LR2s, and four LR1s into its
will help meet the growing demand for ethane and
market-leading pools. This alignment enhances fleet
ammonia to decarbonize industrial processes.
performance, supports global market access, and
accelerates our ability to capture value from rising
We also advanced the comprehensive renewal
tonne-mile demand. We also adopted the AI driven
program through the sale of two older LNG
ShipWatch data analytics platform utilized by Navig8
vessels, Al Khaznah (1994) and Ghasha (1995),
since 2020. This innovative tool has been rolled
the repurposing, upgrading and maintenance of
out across 20 of our tankers and two gas carriers –
existing assets, including the retrofitting of systems
consolidating all vessel data to analyze and optimize
such as ALS (Air Lubrication Systems) to improve
operations, uncovering fuel-saving opportunities,
efficiency and environmental performance, and new
reducing waste, and enabling accurate
investments in dry bulk and container capacity.
emissions tracking.
5 new 27 vessel
state-of-the-art Fleet modernization
vessels delivered and expansion
in 2025 program in progress
48 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 49

===== PAGE 27 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Across the fleet, we continue to maintain a
significant proportion of vessels operating under
contract, including the new LNG carriers and VLECs.
This allows us to remain resilient in the face of
challenging and uncertain market conditions – as
we experienced particularly in the first half of 2025
– through predictable, healthy revenue streams,
while capturing the upside tanker demand and firmer
rates. In the second half of the year, we were able to
capitalize on the OPEC+ decision in April to unwind
its voluntary cuts and rising ton-mile demand by
securing opportunistic vessel coverage at attractive
rates for long-term revenue, while maintaining open
days to capture elevated spot market returns. Two
Handysize vessels were added to enhance flexibility,
while long-term feeder contracts and the new
15-year strategic agreement continued to support
Borouge’s expanding container operations between
Al Ruwais and the UAE’s deepwater ports.
Digital innovation also accelerated. In addition to
deploying ShipWatch, we have utilized AI-enabled
systems to support our crews and to identify
optimization opportunities. Our Smart Vessel project
collected and analyzed historical data to drive
machine learning and support condition-based
monitoring and maintenance. Such digitalization
has helped us optimize management and crewing
arrangements and reduce operating costs, while
maintaining the safety and integrity of our vessels.
Together, these achievements reflect a shipping
business that is not only scaling rapidly but doing
so with discipline, innovation, and a clear strategic
vision. Combined with Navig8’s digital tools and
global technical management capabilities, ADNOC
L&S is building one of the most technologically
advanced and diversified fleets in the industry,
a strengthened international presence, and a
long-term growth trajectory aligned with both
ADNOC’s production expansion and international
growth as well as the world’s evolving
energy landscape.
50 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 51

===== PAGE 28 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Growth in 2025 was driven by increased port
movements, with 3,824 tankers and ships handled
through our facilities during the year, higher
volumes at the Borouge Container Terminal, and
Operations Review In 2025, our Services segment made an the first contributions from Integr8 following the
important contribution to the overall growth successful completion of the acquisition of Navig8
of the business and underpinned its crucial early in the year. Integr8, is the global bunkering
SERVICES role as a strategic enabler of the UAE’s and energy procurement arm of Navig8, and as
well as contributing directly to the Services’ top
industrial expansion. Through long-term
line, it further expands our service offering. With a
partnerships, digital innovation, and
global footprint and deep expertise in marine fuels,
operational excellence across petroleum
Integr8 significantly enhances our ability to support
port operations, marine services, and oil
customers across the full spectrum of maritime
spill response, the segment continued to
energy needs on a global basis.
deliver resilient earnings while securing
new, long-term contracts extending our In a major technology upgrade, we deployed the
partnership with Borouge and constructing GCC’s first AI-powered Smart Port Solution and
and operating a major new chemicals it is now operational across key petroleum ports
including Das, Zirku, Mubarraz, Ruwais, and Jebel
export facility in partnership with TA’ZIZ.
Dhanna. This system enhances real-time resource
allocation, improves vessel turnaround, and
strengthens sustainability through more efficient
operations.
Service sourcing time has been
reduced from an average of
Generating a three hours to just 45 seconds,
projected
saving 3,000 hours annually,
$ and jetty utilization has
50 years 1.3 billion We also deepened our strategic partnership with
increased by 20%.
Borouge through a $531 million, 15-year logistics
agreement with in revenue over
agreement covering port management, container
TA’ZIZ the first 27 years handling and feeder services. Under the contract,
ADNOC L&S will manage logistics for up to 70% of
The Services business also continued to deliver Borouge’s annual production, deploying dedicated
essential national services through long-term feeder vessels to connect Al Ruwais with the
contracts extending well into the 2030s and 2040s, deepwater ports of Jebel Ali and Khalifa Port. The
including petroleum port operations, hazardous agreement is expected to deliver more than $50
and noxious substance response, and onshore million in cost savings for Borouge in the first five
logistics services. These agreements provide stable, years alone, while supporting the expansion of
predictable revenue while ensuring the UAE’s critical Borouge’s Al Ruwais polyolefin complex, set to
energy infrastructure is supported by world-class become the world’s largest through the development
marine and emergency response capabilities. of the Borouge 4 mega project. By leveraging our
extensive maritime and logistics expertise, we are
A major highlight of the year was the signing of a ensuring that Borouge’s world-class petrochemical
50-year agreement with TA’ZIZ to build, own, and products reach global markets efficiently
operate the UAE’s first dedicated chemicals export and competitively.
port. Scheduled for completion in late 2026, the
port is projected to generate $1.3 billion in revenue Together, these achievements reflect a Services
over the first 27 years, providing long-term earnings business that is scaling with purpose — enabling
visibility while supporting the establishment of industrial growth, driving digital transformation,
a world-scale Industrial Chemicals Zone in Al and delivering long-term value to stakeholders.
Ruwais. The facility will feature shore-to-ship power, With multi-decade contracts, advanced port
advanced emissions reduction technologies, and technologies, and a growing portfolio of strategic
dedicated berths for ammonia, methanol, ethylene partnerships, ADNOC L&S is building a future-ready
dichloride (EDC) and vinyl chloride monomer (VCM), services platform that will complement the nation’s
and caustic soda - reinforcing ADNOC L&S’ role as a energy and industrial ambitions for generations
key enabler of the industrial value chain. to come.
52 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 53

===== PAGE 29 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
these efficiencies across the organization, and have Shipping
increased the initiative’s expected contribution to an
The segment achieved notable growth, with
annual average of $90 million through 2030.
revenues increasing sharply 122% YoY to $2,125
CFO’S
million (AED 7,802 million) and EBITDA rising 56%
The completion of the acquisition of an 80%
YoY to $619 million (AED 2,272 million), reflecting
interest in Navig8 enabled us to consolidate top
the successful integration of Navig8, a strategic
line contributions to our Shipping and Services
STATEMENT segments in line with expectations. Integration milestone in the global expansion of ADNOC L&S.
The segment’s disciplined operational execution
of fleet management, commercial pooling, and
and strong fleet performance also contributed to a
bunkering commenced, which together with
robust EBITDA margin of 29% highlighting the ability
technology sharing, will contribute to unlocking
to generate sustained value.
synergies and the full value of this major acquisition.
The company will acquire the remaining 20% Services
ownership in mid-2027, for deferred consideration
The segment continued to contribute value to
of between $335 million and $450 million dependent
ADNOC L&S ’s diversified business model. Revenues
on EBITDA delivery ad-interim, payable at that time.
increased 16% YoY to $362 million (AED 1,331
million) and EBITDA rose 8% YoY to $60 million
Integrated Logistics
(AED 221 million) The result was supported by a
An outstanding year for
The largest segment by value in our business strong performance of commercial pooling and
ADNOC L&S financially, delivered very robust performance, with revenues contributions from Navig8’s bunkering business
rising 11% YoY to $2,529 million (AED 9,288 million), (Integr8), highlighting the segment’s steady and
creating a platform for
driven by robust market demand and sustained resilient earnings profile.
momentum across key business lines. As a result,
transformative growth
EBITDA rose by 21% YoY to $829 million (AED 3,046
Hybrid Capital Instrument
while setting new highs million), underpinned by enhanced operational
efficiency. The strong and profitable growth was The full utilization of the $2 billion HCI marks a
in shareholder value
supported by continuously high utilization and firm significant milestone in ADNOC L&S’s funding
day rates across the JUB fleet, enhanced margins strategy, reinforcing its ability to fund growth at
delivery.”
in the Integrated Logistics Solutions Platform (ILSP) an attractive cost of capital. Following the initial
and expanded OSV chartering activity. Record $1.1 billion drawdown in January 2025 - primarily
Hugh Baker material-handling volumes and accelerated Hail & used to fund the Navig8 acquisition - the company
Chief Financial Officer Ghasha operations also contributed to the positive drew a further $200 million in July and another
results. Additionally, Engineering, Procurement and $700 million in November 2025, fully deploying
Construction (EPC) activities, including progress on the entire facility. This final drawdown enables the
the G-Island project delivered material replacement of higher cost financing, supports
top-line contributions. new vessel delivery payments, and provides
additional liquidity for broader corporate purposes,
ensuring ADNOC L&S maximizes the benefits of its
competitively priced, perpetual, equity classified
capital structure.
Overview
In 2025, ADNOC L&S built strongly on the Over the year, we delivered record revenue of $5,016
exceptional growth in financial performance that million (AED18,422 million), an increase of 41% year- Integrated
Shipping Services
we reported for 2024 and continued the story of on-year. We also recorded EBITDA growth of 32% Logistics
remarkable growth since the company was listed on to $1,515 million (AED5,562 million) over the same
the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in 2023. Despite period, with EBITDA margins at 30%. Net profit also
continued uncertainty in some market sectors early grew significantly to $863 million (AED3,169 million).
Revenue Revenue Revenue
in the year, we benefited from firmer rates as the year
progressed. A combination of significant volume As well as a range of technology driven upgrades, we
growth in our revenue resilient contracted portfolio, a also identified a range of value efficiency initiatives $2,529 m 11% $2,125 m122% $362 m 16%
laser focus on operational excellence and efficiency, across OPEX, financing and ship management,
and the accretive impact of the Navig8 acquisition all supported by deeper integration with our
EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
contributed to outstanding financial results. subsidiaries and selective revenue initiatives that
enhance overall performance to further underpin
our financial resilience. By year end we had captured $829 m 21% $619 m 56% $60 m 8%
approximately $119 million, surpassing our original
target by 19%. We remain focused on embedding
54 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 55

===== PAGE 30 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Additional share placement and MSCI
Emerging Market Index
ADNOC L&S has been added to the MSCI Emerging
Market Index, following a $317 million (AED1,164
million) share placement by ADNOC, increasing free
float to 22%. Inclusion in the MSCI Emerging Market
Index attracted over $240 million (AED881 million)
in passive capital inflows, further supporting stock
liquidity and global investor access.
Dividend Policy
ADNOC L&S remains committed to delivering both
strong profitable growth and attractive shareholder
returns. Starting Q3 2025, ADNOC L&S transitioned
to quarterly dividend payouts to provide more
frequent returns to shareholders. Supported
by Operating Free Cash Flow of approximately
$1.4 billion, the full-year dividend is increased by
approximately 20% YoY to $325 million (AED1,194
million), with 5% annual increase through 2030,
reflecting confidence in our continued robust
financial performance and long-term growth.
Outlook
We remain confident in the resilience of the
business and our ability to continue our profitable
growth. ADNOC L&S is intensifying its focus on
value-efficiency initiatives, leveraging portfolio
diversification, and maintaining long-term contracted
revenues with high-quality counterparties; a very
significant proportion of our business remains
secured against long-term contracts – over 980
years of contract cover securing $25 billion of
revenues. Our fleet expansion program is firmly on
track, and we are well placed to support ADNOC
Group’s continued expansion, both in the UAE
and in international energy markets. Assisted
by our extended international footprint and joint
venture partnerships, the company retains the
financial capacity to fund an additional $3 billion
beyond announced projects within 2.0 - 2.5x net
debt:EBITDA ratio.
Hugh Baker
Chief Financial Officer
56 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 57

===== PAGE 31 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
STAKEHOLDER
Governments and Shareholders / Investors
regulatory bodies / Finance Providers
ENGAGEMENT
How we create value How we create value
Building and maintaining
ADNOC L&S is part of the ADNOC Group (wholly Our objective is to deliver outstanding returns
owned by the Abu Dhabi government). We focus on long-term investment based on a sustainable
strong relationships
on creating economic and social opportunities for platform for growth, disciplined approach to capital
our nation, through ADNOC Group’s commercial allocation and cash returns through dividends.
objectives. ADNOC L&S must comply with
applicable laws and regulations of the UAE and the
50+ countries in which we serve.
How we engage How we engage
We continue to look for new and innovative We have regular dialogue with investors and
ways to help maximize the value of Abu Dhabi’s shareholders through: investor webinars and financial
natural resources operated by the ADNOC Group,
results presentations, all material news is published via
while supporting key relevant initiatives through
Regulatory News Services (RNS), the Annual Report
ADNOC’s commercial objectives, including the
and company website, the Annual General Meeting
UAE’s Net Zero Strategy, the Abu Dhabi Economic
and a combination of one-to-one and larger
Vision 2030 and the IMO 2023 GHG Strategy.
group meetings.
Value created in 2025 Value created in 2025
• We are proud to support the local economy • Held over 430+ investor meetings during 2025
through our In-Country Value Enhancement
• Attended 11 conferences globally
Program, which contributed more than AED5
billion in 2025 • Over 700+ investor touchpoints, including
conference calls, fire side chats, conference
• Continued to invest in technology and AI to
attendances and panel debate discussions
enhance decarbonization through:
– Delivery of first five new build next-generation
vessels in our fleet upgrade program, featuring
the latest energy efficient and ship management
technology
– Upgraded AI-enabled technology further
enhancing efficiency of our ILMS, providing
predictive cargo routing, AI-driven vessel
optimization and double stacked container cargo
units, increasing cargo capacity by up to 40%
– Deploying ShipWatch AI-driven vessel data
analytics providing real time fuel saving
recommendations through
• Emissions tracking aligned with ESG standards
• Predictive maintenance insights
• Voyage optimization and waste reduction
58 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 59

===== PAGE 32 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Customers Employees Business partners, Local
suppliers and vendors communities
How we create value How we create value How we create value How we create value
ADNOC L&S is a global energy maritime logistics The ADNOC L&S People-First strategy reflects The company’s business relationships with We are committed to supporting local businesses,
company that aims to deliver exceptional its commitment to developing a diverse, inclusive suppliers, service providers and vendors are residents, and the wider public. Our goal is to be
experiences by providing fully integrated logistics, and highly skilled workforce. The company is also subject to regular review and consideration a positive presence providing responsible and
shipping and marine and onshore services to over investing in UAE nationals through an ambitious through vendor due diligence and active sustainable development, resulting in value for
100 customers in more than 50 countries. plan to recruit graduates, ranging from seafarers contracts management. local communities as well as for our shareholders.
and engineers to corporate professionals, via on- We create opportunities for people, communities,
the-job training and development programs. and economies to thrive – by investing in energy
production, increasing energy access, enhancing
How we engage How we engage
economic growth, and social impact. This aligns with
We use state-of-the-art customer relations How we engage Enhance collaboration with stakeholders and ADNOC’s goal of Empowering Lives.
management tools to stay in close contact with our ensure transparency, accounting and reporting.
We undertake an annual employee survey. Staff
clients, reaching out and evaluating their feedback,
receive training on a variety of topics and are kept
and exploring ways to be better at what we do. Achieve high Code of Conduct compliance and How we engage
informed of business activities through town hall
uphold business ethics and integrity.
meetings and our intranet. Our support takes many forms, both financial and
non-financial. Employee volunteering, work experience
Engage with suppliers on sustainability awareness.
ADNOC L&S creates opportunities for people of opportunities and building open days all contribute to
determination by providing individuals with specialist establishing and maintaining effective.
Ensure compliance with the ADNOC Group
access to personalized skills development and
Supplier and Partner Code of Ethics.
training opportunities that meet their unique needs.
Our ‘Women in Leadership’ Program helps to
promote female representation in leadership roles.
Value created in 2025
Young people represent a significant portion of the
overall workforce. • In addition to our ICV Program, we also play an
active role in offering regular placements to
school and college students in our Winter Work
Value created in 2025 Placement initiative, and student-internship
opportunities in various departments
• Initiated a culture program to develop high
performance and accountability
Value created in 2025
• Ongoing staff training, development and wellbeing
• We completed the acquisition of Navig8, program for employees
an international shipping pool operator and
commercial management company with a • Our employee survey indicated positive
modern-owned fleet of over 32 tankers and a engagement rose to a healthy 75% and employee
presence in 15 cities across five continents. We experience reached 84%, reflecting the impact of
have already integrated our operations to access targeted interventions and leadership focus.
Navig8’s established commercial pooling and • We are committed to providing a strong Health,
bunkering services Safety, and Environment (HSE) culture for all our
• We expanded our Integrated Logistics offering employees, contractors and suppliers. By the end
by adding additional offshore assets including of 2025, ADNOC L&S delivered an exceptional
JUBs and continuing to update our platform with total recordable injury rate (TRIR) of 0.09, firmly
AI-enabled technology to offer a better, faster and placing the company in the top quartile globally. This
more efficient Integrated Logistics service performance reflects an unwavering commitment
to a strong HSE culture, reinforced by advanced
• We took delivery of three LNG and two VLEC fleet technologies, robust policies and sustained
energy-efficient new build vessels in 2025, offering awareness initiatives. Value created in 2025
our customers new services to transport lower
• We are proud to support the local economy
carbon fuels
through our In-Country Value Enhancement
Program, which contributed more than AED5
billion in 2025
60 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 61

===== PAGE 33 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Decarbonization at the heart of our strategy operations, we employ a workforce which comprises
over 12,000 individuals including 3,400 seafarers.
At the heart of our sustainability strategy is the We run an extensive program of personal and
ESG/Sustainability Highlights
decarbonizing of our operations. In 2025, we professional development, as well as regular HSE
continued to make significant strides in accelerating training, to continue reinforcing the competency of
decarbonization across our business through the our organization.
SUSTAINABILITY continued modernization and upgrading of our
shipping fleet, and utilization of cutting-edge AI- Delivering 100% HSE
driven systems and the latest maritime technology
ADNOC L&S recorded remarkable HSE performance
to improve energy efficiency of our operations. Over
LEADERSHIP during 2025, delivered by the creation and nurturing
the year, we achieved a reduction in our ocean-
of a culture in which every individual is empowered,
going fleet’s carbon intensity by 1.6%, and have now
every risk is managed, and every milestone is a step
recorded a remarkable 58% reduction against our
toward global HSE leadership.
STATEMENT 2019 benchmark. This accomplishment serves as a
powerful testament to the company’s commitment
100% HSE is deeply embedded as an operational
to measurable progress and tangible results.
discipline we strive to ingrain in every action,
decision, and engagement, from onshore and
The cornerstone of our decarbonization program is
offshore marine operations to international shipping.
Guided by ADNOC Group’s Net Zero by 2045 the strategic investment program that is underway
We benchmark regularly, seek excellence, and
ambition and the UAE’s 2050 target, ADNOC L&S to modernize and upgrade our shipping fleet,
empower every individual to be a safety leader.
is one of the leaders in the global maritime logistics including the construction of up to 27 new, efficient
sector in redefining the way in which we operate and vessels. During 2025, we took delivery of three new In a testament to our culture of continuous
forge a more sustainable future. Aligned with ADNOC generation LNG carriers and two Very Large Ethane improvement and vigilance, we drove down our
Group’s 2030 sustainability strategy, and with Carriers (VLEC) (owned by our JV AW Shipping). Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) to 0.09, more
relevant national and global climate goals, we have These vessels incorporate state-of-the-art marine than 57% below 2024 and outperforming our 2025
established a defined sustainability vision, strategy design and dual fuel engines, producing considerably target by 78%. For the third consecutive year, we
and governance structure and are taking positive less emissions than conventional heavy fuel recorded zero fatalities and zero catastrophic events,
steps at a corporate level and across our operations oil (HFO). Coupled with our AI-enabled vessel underscoring our unwavering commitment to a
to deliver on our commitments. We are also wholly management systems, they are driving a further step zero-harm workplace. This outstanding performance
committed to delivering ADNOC Group’s 100% change in our fleet carbon intensity. is all the more impressive given the 19% increase
HSE goal in our business, so that not only do all our in exposure hours (67.87 million in 2025 vs 56.67
Our commitment to AI-enabled technology extends
people undertake their work safely every day but million in 2024), including a significant proportion of
to the introduction of our region’s first Smart Ports
we also effectively and proactively manage the risks offshore project activity and the inherent risks
Solution and upgrades to our ILMS, which have
inherent in our business and protect the integrity of it involves.
delivered significant efficiencies in the deployment
our assets as an integral part of our daily operations.
and routing of offshore support vessels and marine
We are recognized as a top-quartile HSE performer
services, reducing emissions from our Integrated
in the maritime and energy logistics sector by the
Logistics and Services fleets. Looking forward,
International Marine Contractors Association (2024
we have committed to the development and
Statistics). Our achievements position us among the
deployment of autonomous and remotely operated
global industry leaders, inspiring confidence among
vessels, including electric seagliders that offer high-
stakeholders, partners, and the communities
speed transport of passengers to and from offshore
we serve.
energy infrastructure, with significantly lower
emissions compared to conventional crew-
More broadly, as ADNOC L&S continues to expand
transfer vessels.
its activities across global markets, our focus will
remain unwavering: to lead the transformation of
Investing in the local economy and our
the maritime industry into a model of sustainability,
workforce
resilience, and innovation, redefining what is possible
for generations to come.
These vessels will be manufactured in the
UAE, advancing ADNOC L&S’s support of local
manufacturing and strengthening the UAE’s
industrial capabilities. We are proud to support
the local economy through our In-Country Value
Enhancement Program, which contributed more than 57%
AED5 billion in 2025. 0.09 below 2024
Also contributing to the local economy and 78%
Total Recordable
reinforcing the company’s solid foundation is the improvement
investment we continue to make in the development Injury Rate (TRIR) against target
and competence of our employees. Across our
62 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 63

===== PAGE 34 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Sustainability Committee structure
CEO
(Chairperson)
Sustainability governance Offshore Logistics and SVP Ship Management. The
committee meets bi-annually or as required by
ADNOC L&S is committed to a robust and
the CEO.
comprehensive sustainability governance framework
that aligns with the broader goals of the ADNOC
Group. This framework helps integrate sustainability The Committee’s key objectives include: CFO SVP Offshore SVP Ship VP Investor VP Corporate VP Strategy and VP HSE
(Vice Chairperson) Logistics Management Relations Communications Excellence
across the company’s operations, fostering a culture • Reviewing and approving the company’s
of responsibility and environmental stewardship. sustainability policies, targets and performance
indicators
ADNOC Group alignment
Aside from the Annual Report, the ADNOC L&S
Sustainability Report 2025 is the third in our • Monitoring and evaluating sustainability risks and As one of the leading players in the maritime By aligning our efforts with ADNOC Group’s 2030
series, prepared in alignment with the Abu Dhabi opportunities industry, ADNOC L&S believes it has role in global Sustainability Strategy, we are committed to providing
Securities Exchange (ADX) Environmental, Social, GHG emissions and is committed to reducing the responsible, lower-carbon energy, contributing to the
• Supporting compliance with relevant sustainability
and Governance (ESG) Guidelines. This report carbon intensity of its operations. UAE’s strategic vision and supporting sustainable
standards and regulations
aligns with the ADNOC Group’s 2030 Sustainability economic development.
ADNOC L&S’s operational decarbonization pathway
Strategy, with reference to the Global Reporting • Engaging and communicating with internal and
is aligned with ADNOC Group’s commitment to
Initiative (GRI) Standards and the Sustainability external stakeholders on sustainability matters Our comprehensive approach, anchored through
reduce intensity of its operations by 2030 (vs a 2019
Accounting Standards Board (SASB), reflecting our well-established HSE standards, guides us in
commitment to transparency and accountability in Committee members are expected to actively baseline) and progress toward net zero operations achieving our sustainability goals across short,
our sustainability efforts. participate in meetings, contribute expertise, by 2045. The company is focused on reduction of medium and long-term horizons, reinforcing our
advocate for sustainability across the organization Shipping Carbon Intensity, for which a remarkable leadership in environmental stewardship.
Published annually, the Sustainability Report and stay updated on the latest sustainability trends 58% reduction has been delivered to date.
is overseen by the Sustainability Committee and best practices. Sustainability is embedded
— established in 2023 as part of ADNOC L&S’ across various divisions, with designated subject
sustainability governance framework — and matter experts advancing specific initiatives. We Sustainability Outcomes for 2025
approved by Executive Management. The believe this decentralized approach allows for
Committee provides management level oversight of tailored solutions that address the unique needs of
sustainability strategy and performance, while the each business unit, making sustainability is a shared
report informs stakeholders about the company’s responsibility across the organization.
sustainability framework, performance and data.
Stakeholder engagement is a cornerstone of
Shipping Carbon Smart Port Efficiency In-Country Value Total ICV Committed
our sustainability efforts. We seek to maintain
Materiality and priority setting Intensity* Value (AED)
open communication with investors, customers, Petroleum Port
Following the materiality assessment conducted employees and local communities to gather insights Operations service 91.76%
in 2023, ADNOC L&S periodically refreshes its and feedback, aligning our sustainability initiatives 4.40 (2024: 4.47) sourcing 3 hours → 45 5 billion
sustainability priorities to reflect stakeholder with stakeholder expectations and needs. seconds
expectations, strategic developments and the
1.6% reduction
evolving regulatory landscape (for sustainability ~3,000
reporting purposes). A revision of the 2023 YoY; 58% reduction hours saved annually;
materiality assessment is currently under way using against 2019 baseline
an impact-based methodology; the updated material
+20%
topics, targets and disclosures will be presented in
the ADNOC L&S Sustainability Report 2025, together jetty utilization
with any changes to topic prioritization. We continue
to engage internal and external stakeholders as
part of the refreshment process and will report the
updated outcomes when the Sustainability Report
is published.
ISO Systems Maturity Total Recordable Culture & Engagement Emiratization Rate
Sustainability Committee
Injury Rate (TRIR)
Maintained certification Employee engagement
The Sustainability Committee, established in 2023, 49.3%
across seven ISO
plays a pivotal role in advancing the company’s 0.09
standards, zero major 75%
sustainability strategy. Comprising senior
management, including the CEO (Chairperson), CFO non-conformities in 2025 Employee experience
(Vice Chairperson), VP Strategy and Excellence, VP
Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE), VP Investor 84%
Relations, VP Corporate Communication, SVP
* Carbon intensity measured as Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) (gCO2/dwt.nm)
64 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 65

===== PAGE 35 =====
E
C
N
A
N
R
E
V
O
G
T
R
O
P
E
R
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities
Exchange, ADNOC Logistics & Services plc is
committed to following the highest standards
of corporate governance, regulatory
compliance and risk management as a route
to creating sustainable value for the company
and its diverse stakeholders.
Our Corporate Governance 68
Board of Directors 69
Share Dealings 73
Related Party Transactions 74
Executive Management 78
Executive Committee 79
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 80
Audit Committee 81
External Auditors 82
Internal Control System 83
General Information 88
66 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 67

===== PAGE 36 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our Corporate Governance Board of Directors
Our Commitment allocation of responsibilities between the Board and
Management, and the effectiveness of subsidiary
At ADNOC Logistics & Services plc, we view
oversight arrangements.
sustainability as a strategic cornerstone for fostering
integrity, transparency and accountability across
all aspects of our business. Our robust governance Code of Conduct
framework spans our global operations and
We are committed to operating with integrity and
reflects our unwavering commitment to the highest
maintaining the highest professional and ethical
standards of corporate governance.
standards in every aspect of our business. Our Code
of Conduct outlines the legal and ethical standards
We align our practices with the best international
that we expect from everyone who works for or
standards while ensuring full compliance with all
represents any part of the company.
regulatory requirements applicable to public joint
stock companies in the UAE. This includes ensuring H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Mr. Khaled Salmeen E Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi A E
that all members of the Board of Directors, Executive Artificial Intelligence in Board Governance Chairman of the Board of Directors Chairman of Executive Committee Chairman of Audit Committee
Management and other employees serve the best (MEERAi) Member of Executive Committee
interests of the company, independently from any
MEERAi is AI-powered board advisory tool developed
other roles they may hold. This approach reinforces
by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC).
our dedication to ethical conduct, sound decision-
As part of ADNOC Logistics & Services’ ongoing
making and long-term value creation for
commitment to digital transformation and enhanced
our stakeholders.
Board effectiveness, the company introduced
MEERAi, an AI-powered governance support
Three years after the company’s listing, the Board
tool, during 2025. MEERAi was made available to
conducted a comprehensive post implementation
Directors to support meeting engagement. The tool
review of the governance framework .The review
enables Board members to interact with meeting
included an assessment of the effectiveness of the
materials through conversational and textbased
Board’s governance framework as implemented
interfaces, access podcaststyle summaries, and
at listing, including the clarity and operation of the
review AI-generated insights in presentation mode
Delegation of Authority, the continued relevance and
across multiple devices. Key
delineation of Committee Terms of Reference, the H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan N Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim
Chairman of Nomination and Al Hashemi A N A Audit
Remuneration Committee Member of Audit Committee E Executive
Member of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee N Nomination and
Remuneration
Chair
Mr. Marwan Naim Nijmeh E Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi A N E
Member of Executive Committee Member of Audit Committee
Member of Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Member of Executive Committee
68 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 69

===== PAGE 37 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our Board comprises seven Mr. Salmeen was a driving force behind the successful H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Mr. Marwan Naim Nijmeh
public listing of five downstream companies, the strategic
Directors. Pursuant to the consolidation of ADNOC’s gas businesses, and the Director Director
company’s Articles of Association, launch of high-impact ventures like TA’ZIZ. Additionally, as Chair of Nomination and Member of Executive Committee
a proven dealmaker, Mr. Salmeen led major transactions Remuneration Committee
the Board shall be elected at every that expanded ADNOC’s global footprint, reinforcing Mr. Nijmeh is the Chief Legal Officer of the ADNOC
third annual general meeting of ADNOC’s position as a regional and international leader. Dr. Abdulla Humaid Al Jarwan stands out as a Group, overseeing legal operations across the Group,
transformative leader in the energy sector, championing and leading the Group’s legal, governance and
the company. As of 2025, Mr. Salmeen held board positions at ADNOC innovation and strategic evolution in Abu Dhabi and compliance function. Mr. Nijmeh is an active member
Logistics & Services, ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Gas, beyond. This includes roles as chairman of the Abu of several ADNOC boards and committees, including
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber was Borouge ADP, Fertiglobe, ADNOC Global Trading, and Dhabi Department of Energy (DoE) and a member of ADNOC Logistics & Services, ADNOC Gas and ADNOC
ADNOC Distribution. In 2025, he also chaired the boards Distribution. Previously, he served as Deputy Chief Legal
the Executive Council. His leadership exemplifies an
appointed as the Chairperson of the of Borouge PTE, ADNOC Trading, TA’ZIZ, and Abu Dhabi Officer at Mubadala Investment Company and held
unwavering dedication to ensuring growth, advancing
Board on 19 April 2023. Gas Distribution, and served on the boards of NGSCO sustainability, enhancing energy efficiency, and driving General Counsel roles across Mubadala Group assets,
and OMV. including Masdar. Prior to joining Mubadala, Mr. Nijmeh
value creation.
held senior positions at international law firms. He holds a
In his previous role, Mr. Salmeen led the Marketing, BA in Law from the University of Jordan and an LLM from
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Supply, and Trading Directorate of ADNOC. His leadership Before taking on his current role at the DoE, Dr. Al Jarwan the University of Manchester.
Chairman of the Board of Directors experience includes roles as CEO of Khalifa Industrial was a vital force at the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
(ADNOC), where he held the position of Director of The
Zone Abu Dhabi (KIZAD), Chairman of Abu Dhabi
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber is the UAE Minister of Terminals, and COO of Tabreed. Executive Office. In this capacity, he provided strategic
Industry and Advanced Technology and Group CEO and guidance to the ADNOC Group CEO and the Executive Director
Managing Director of ADNOC. Mr. Salmeen holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering Leadership Team, leading groundbreaking initiatives that Member of Executive Committee
from the Colorado School of Mines and an Executive MBA solidified ADNOC’s stature on the global stage. Member of Audit Committee
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber also serves as Chairman from INSEAD, UAE. Member of NRC
of several ADNOC Group companies, Masdar, Emirates Furthermore, his expertise was crucial on the Board
Development Bank, Presight, Alterra and FAB Misr and
of Directors for ADNOC Drilling and ADNOC Logistics Mr. Al Kindi joined TA’ZIZ as Chief Executive Officer in
is a board member of the Abu Dhabi Supreme Council Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi
& Services, where he actively drove the companies’ February 2023. He is a leader in the oil and gas sector,
for Financial and Economic Affairs, Abu Dhabi Artificial
Director growth plans and ensured maximum value generation. with over 15 years of senior management across
Intelligence & Advanced Technology Council, Advanced
Chair of Audit Committee Dr. Al Jarwan is widely recognized for his adeptness in ADNOC’s Executive Office, Upstream and Downstream
Technology Research Council, Mubadala Investment
Company, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Taqa, Emirates Global Member of Executive Committee navigating the intricate global energy landscape; he is a Industry Trading & Marketing directorates.
staunch advocate for technological advancement and
Aluminium and Emirates Investment Authority.
Mr. Al Zaabi is ADNOC Group Chief Financial Officer progressive policies. Mr. Al Kindi’s prior experience includes the establishment
H.E Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber has over 20 years’ and oversees the formulation and execution of of joint ventures, as well as the spearheading of
experience across the energy spectrum and served as comprehensive financial strategy, investments, planning, His compelling leadership style and relentless drive corporate management and business transformation
the Chief Executive Officer of Masdar for seven years performance, operational efficiency, treasury, risk for excellence position him as a formidable force in across several ADNOC group companies. He brings a
management, and strategic partnerships. In his role,
prior to his appointment as MD and Group CEO of establishing Abu Dhabi as a global pioneer in sustainable wealth of experience in major capital projects, portfolio
he provides visionary leadership, driving the execution
ADNOC. He was appointed to the UAE cabinet in 2013, energy. With a career rich in transformative achievements management, governance and corporate planning.
of ADNOC’s investment strategy, and advancing the
where he served as Minister of State of the UAE until July and a deep-rooted passion for progress, Dr. Al Jarwan
company’s sustainability agenda in alignment with its
2020 when he was appointed as Minister of Industry and inspires the energy sector with his visionary approach He holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical
financial strategy. Mr. Al Zaabi ensures effective regulatory
Advanced Technology. and steadfast commitment to a sustainable, Engineering and a Master of Project Management.
compliance, facilitating domestic and international growth
prosperous future.
across diverse energy sectors, including oil, gas, LNG,
H.E. Dr Sultan Al Jaber holds a Bachelor of Science
chemicals, refining, distribution, low carbon solutions,
Degree in Chemical Engineering from University of
renewables, drilling, logistics and shipping services.
Southern California; a PhD in business and economics Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi
from Coventry University; and an MBA from California
He has successfully managed major equity market Director
State University.
transactions, publicly listed several ADNOC companies, Member of Nomination and Remuneration
completed M&As and secured ADNOC’s first green
Committee
financing. Mr. Al Zaabi led the issuance of ADNOC’s
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Member of Audit Committee
Murban first corporate bond, establishment of the
Vice Chairman
region’s first large-scale In-House Bank and execution of
Chair of Executive Committee Ms. Al Hashemi is Chief Executive Officer of ADNOC
financial restructuring deals.
Offshore, one of the largest offshore energy producers
Mr. Khaled Salmeen was the CEO of Downstream at
ADNOC until 1 Jan 2026. In this role he oversaw the Mr. Al Zaabi serves on the boards of several domestic and in the world. She brings more than 20 years of industry
entire downstream value chain and was committed to international entities, including OMV, ADNOC Distribution, experience across a range of technical disciplines and
driving performance, maximizing efficiency, and delivering ADNOC Drilling, ADNOC Gas, ADNOC Logistics & leadership positions. In her current role, she oversees an
strong, sustainable growth across all stages of the Services and ADNOC Refining. organization of 7,000 people and collaborates with nine
downstream sector. international partners to safely deliver more than half of
He holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from Deakin
Abu Dhabi’s oil and gas production.
University, Australia.
70 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 71

===== PAGE 38 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Women’s representation on the Board of Directors
Values
Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi is a member of the Board of Directors. Keeping with our commitment to
The values of ADNOC L&S are aligned with those of
gender diversity, we are actively seeking opportunities to increase female representation on our Board. To
ADNOC Group. Its values are:
this end, where vacancies arise, we will actively seek out greater female representation while at the same time
considering all qualified candidates, regardless of gender.
The table below summarizes the details of the ADNOC Logistics & Services plc Board of Directors:
Name Committee Role Appointment Start Date
Collaborative Respectful Responsible Efficient Progressive
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chair 19 April 2023
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Director 19 April 2023
Share Dealings
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Director 19 April 2023
Purchases and sales of our shares and other ADNOC Logistics & Services plc expects that all
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Director 19 April 2023 transactions involving our securities by employees of its employees, as well as the other people with
and representatives are governed by our Inside whom ADNOC Logistics & Services plc transact,
Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi Director 19 April 2023 Information and Insider Dealing Standards. abide by this standard and, in doing so, adhere
to the applicable laws on inside information and
Mr. Marwan Naim Njimeh Director 14 February 2024 It is the policy of ADNOC Logistics & Services dealings. The following table sets out the details of all
plc that inside information must not be used by purchases and sales of our shares undertaken by our
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi Director 19 April 2023 any ADNOC Logistics & Services plc personnel directors, their spouses and their children in 2025:
and their connected people for personal gain.
Shares held as of Total sales Total purchase
Director Position
Directors’ remuneration Board meetings – attendance records 31 December 2025 transactions transactions
At the company’s General Assembly in 2025, The Articles of Association of the company require H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber 0 0 0
shareholders approved the payment of AED 21.9 that the Board of Directors meets a minimum of Mr. Khaled Salmeen Director 946,261 0 0
million as remuneration to the Board of Directors four times each year. The quorum for meetings is
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Director 0 0 0
for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. a majority of Directors, and the quorum for voting
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Director 447,761 0 0
during meetings is a majority of attendees. In 2025,
the Board of Directors met on four occasions. The Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi Director 334,878 0 210,500
following table sets out the meetings held by the Mr. Marwan Naim Nijmeh Director 0 0 0
Board of Directors in 2025. Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi Director 124,378 0 0
Post-IPO Board Meetings Position on
11 Feb 2025 9 May 2025 11 August 2025 10 Nov 2025
Board Member the Board
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairperson P P P P
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Vice Chairperson P P P P
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Board Member P P P P
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Board Member P P P P
Mr. Marwan Naim Nijmeh Board Member P P P P
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi Board Member P P P P
Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi Board Member P P P P
P – Present, A – Absent
72 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 73

===== PAGE 39 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Material Contracts
Related Party Transactions It will support the significant growth in Borouge’s
production capacity, enabling Borouge to become
The company is a party to various agreements and
the world’s largest polyolefin complex and reinforces
other arrangements with related parties, including
ADNOC L&S’s commitment to support the growth of
ADNOC and certain of its subsidiaries other than
ADNOC Group companies by delivering innovative,
the company as well as Directors and members of
integrated supply chain solutions and accelerating
the Executive Management Team of the company.
the growth of the UAE’s petrochemical exports.
These agreements are negotiated on an arms-length
basis. The most significant of these transactions are
described below. Strategic Chemicals Port Agreement
In 2025 ADNOC L&S entered into a 50-year strategic
Certain transactions with related parties are
partnership with TZ’ZIZ to establish the UAE’s first
considered part of the normal business of the
of its kind dedicated chemicals port at the TA’ZIZ
company and of a routine nature, and as such
Industrial Chemicals Zone in Al Ruwais. The contract
are “pre-approved” by the Executive Committee.
will see ADNOC L&S build, own and operate the port
Examples of these are contracts having a value of
facility, while TA’ZIZ will be able to leverage the facility
less than $ 5,000,000 or contracts having a duration
to efficiently export chemicals and their derivatives.
of less than 12 months.
The port, scheduled to be completed in 2026, is
valued at over $300 million and is projected to
The company is exempt from having to disclose
generate $1.3 billion in revenue for ADNOC L&S over
related party transactions to ADX.
the first 27 years. The project supports ADNOC’s
The company continues to invest in vessel (Group) Co. Ltd for the construction of nine newbuild
ambition to develop the chemical value chain in
maintenance and re-purposing vessels to increase VLECs, priced at approximately $1.4 billion (AED5.1
Onshore and Offshore Logistics the UAE.
the longevity of the fleet. Such life extension billion). These vessels will be employed on 20-year
To complement the company’s vessel acquisition projects delay carbon intensive asset replacement fixed time charter contracts, thereby securing
The port will feature shore-to-ship power allowing
strategy, it has entered into significant onshore and projects and extend the profitable life of assets. The earnings visibility and derisking the investment, and
vessels to connect to the local, clean energy-
offshore logistics projects, utilizing the company’s company also invests in carbon intensity reduction the company took delivery of two of the
powered electricity grid while docked, significantly
fleet of vessels and its logistics services offering. initiatives on existing fleet through vessels’ life on a vessels in 2025.
reducing emissions. It will include three berths, two
case-by-case basis.
liquid berths for ammonia, methanol, EDC, VCM and
Feeder Services Partnership with Borouge caustic soda and one dry berth, with priority access Acquisition of Navig8
for TA’ZIZ and ADNOC L&S retaining the right to use Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers
In 2025, the company entered into a strategic In January 2025, ADNOC L&S formally completed
it for its own business with third parties.
partnership with Borouge to manage Borouge’s the acquisition of 80% of Navig8 TopCo Holdings
DAS LNG Project
logistics requirements up to 70% of its annual Inc. (Navig8), an international shipping pool operator
production. The partnership is expected to be worth Shipping - Expansion of Fleet, Life Extension In 2025, an additional three, out of a total order of six, and commercial management company, for $1.04
$531 million over its 15-year contract period. The and Decarbonization newbuild LNGCs, modern technology XDF vessels billion (AED3.8 billion) with the opportunity to
contract involves ADNOC L&S providing end-to- of 175,000 cubic meters ordered from Jiangnan further acquire the remaining 20% ownership in
end logistics capabilities through the provision of a The company’s strategy in relation to its shipping Shipyard in China in 2022 were delivered, with the 2027 for a consideration of $335 million to $450
minimum of two dedicated feeder ships to transport business is to grow and diversify its fleet to meet the remaining three expected to be delivered in 2026. million (AED1.2 billion to AED1.7 billion). During
Borouge’s products from Al Ruwais to the deepwater rising and evolving demand for the transportation in These vessels are contracted for use in connection 2025 ADNOC L&S has completed the successful
ports of Jebel Ali in Dubai and Khalifa Port in Abu the global energy sector. with the DAS LNG project from mid-2026. operational integration to date of Navig8 and has
Dhabi as well as providing logistics support for their already been able to unlock significant values.
To support the energy transition and to capture the
operations. It will enable Borouge to support its RUWAIS LNG Project Navig8’s global footprint in 15 cities across five
growing demand for the transportation of low-
customer base across Asia, Middle East and Africa continents, and an owned fleet of 32 modern
carbon energy, we have invested in enhancing and In 2028, a total of eight newbuild LNGCs, modern
and allow Borouge to realize more than US$ 50 tankers and its participation in a marine fuels
modernizing our fleet with newbuilding contracts technology 174,000 cubic meters (four each from
million of cost savings and efficiencies in the first five provider operating in over a thousand ports
entered into for up to 27 new energy-efficient Hanwha Ocean and Samsung in Korea) will deliver
years of the contract. worldwide, will greatly enhance ADNOC L&S’s
vessels, including 14 Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers under long-term contracts to serve the Ruwais
international profile and expand its blue-chip
(LNGCs) and, through the company’s joint venture LNG project.
The contract covers port management, container customer base. ADNOC L&S’s service offering will
with Wanhua Chemical Group Co. Ltd, AW Shipping
handling and feeder container ship services for the include pooling, commercial management, bunker
Limited (AW Shipping), nine Very Large Ethane
Borouge Container Terminal in Al Ruwais Industrial Very Large Ethane Carriers trading, technical management and ESG-focused
Carriers (VLECs) and four Very Large Ammonia
City, Abu Dhabi. ADNOC L&S will manage the digital solutions.
Carriers (VLACs), Further details of these In July 2024, the company’s joint venture company
transportation of up to 70% of Borouge’s annual
projects follow. AW Shipping entered into agreements with China
production, which will increase significantly following
Shipbuilding Trading Co. Ltd and Jiangnan Shipyard
the completion of the Borouge 4 plant expansion.
74 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 75

===== PAGE 40 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Organization Chart
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
Executive Coordinator
Office Coordinator Administration
Senior Vice President Senior Vice President Senior Vice President SVP, Operations Senior Vice President Chief Executive Officer Vice President
Commercial (Shipping) Ship Management Offshore Logistics (Onshore Services) Marine Services Zakher Marine International Audit & Assurance
Vice President Vice President Manager
Vice President Vice President Vice President Chief Executive Officer
Offshore Mobile Solutions Projects & Engineering Internal Audit
Commercial (Gas) Technical (Shipping) Petroleum Ports Operations Navig8
& Projects Services (Operations & Technical)
Vice President Vice President
Vice President Vice President Vice President Joint Venture Manager
Commercial Offshore Shipping
Projects (Shipping) Onshore Logistics Oil Spill & HNS Response L&S & WANHUA Internal Audit (Business Support)
(Dry-Bulk & Container) & Marine Support
Manager
Vice President Vice President
Contracts
Marine & HSE Logistics
(Claims & Demurrage)
Vice President
Manager Manager
Commercial (Logistics &
Bunker & Agency Crewing
Offshore)
Manager
Senior Manager
Marine Competence
Planning & Performance
Assurance
SVP, Transformation Vice President SVP, Strategy Vice President, Senior Vice President,
General Counsel Chief Financial Officer
& Asset Management Corporate Communication & Business Development Corporate HSE Shared Services
Vice President Manager Vice President Manager Vice President Vice President
Associate General Counsel
Transformation & Integration Internal Communications Strategy & Excellence HSE Support Human Capital Investor Relations
Manager
Vice President Manager Vice President Vice President Vice President
HSE (Marine &
Asset Management External Communications Business Development Business Support Investments
Onshore Services)
Manager Vice President Vice President
HSE (Offshore Logistics) Procurement Financial Planning & Analysis
Manager Vice President Vice President
Crisis Management Digital Finance (Treasury & lnsurance)
Manager
Vice President
OD, WFP, Planning
Finance (Financial Accounts)
& Performance
LEVEL 1
Vice President
LEVEL 2
Financial Systems
LEVEL 3
Manager
Enterprise Risk Management
76 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 77

===== PAGE 41 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Captain Mohamed Al Ali as CEO with various organizations in London, USA,
Executive Management Team Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and the UAE.
Senior Vice President, Operations (Offshore
Logistics)
Gordon Inkson
Captain Abdulkareem Mubarak Al Masabi activities, and capital markets transactions, as well as
Captain Mohamed Al Ali is the Senior Vice President,
in managing key banking, compliance, and General Counsel
Chief Executive Officer Operations (Offshore Logistics). He oversees the
Board engagements.
commercial operations of the offshore supply and
Captain Abdulkareem Al Masabi, CEO of ADNOC Gordon Inkson is the General Counsel of the
support fleet to provide end-to-end offshore logistics
Logistics & Services plc, has led the company since company. He is a Scottish qualified lawyer and Notary
Ahmad Saeed Obaid Bin Taresh Al Dhaheri solutions to customers, including offshore shipping,
2018, following the merger of ADNOC’s offshore Public who has 20 years of experience in the UAE
warehousing, material handling and port operations.
and onshore logistics, shipping and port operations Senior Vice President – Commercial & Operation and Asia in private practice and with the company,
He has over 29 years of successful experience in oil
subsidiaries. Under his leadership, ADNOC L&S has (Shipping) specializing in commercial shipping and corporate
and gas and shipping.
delivered a bold growth and transformation agenda matters. He has been with the company for over 6
that has positioned the company as one of the Mr. Al Dhaheri is the Senior Vice President of Captain Al Ali holds a bachelor’s degree in Maritime years and has overseen its fleet expansion, company
global leaders in integrated maritime logistics for the Commercial & Operations (Shipping), possessing Business and Management from John Moores acquisitions and public listing activities.
over 25 years of experience in the shipping and
energy sector. University in Liverpool, an executive master’s degree
logistics sector. Throughout his career with the
in Business Administration from Zayed University and Captain Adil Al Maazmi
Captain Al Masabi led the delivery of several organization, he has held several senior management
landmark milestones, most notably the company’s roles, demonstrating exemplary leadership and Professional Doctorate in Maritime Industries from Senior Vice President, Marine Services
European International University in Paris.
listing on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in strategic insight.
2023, which was oversubscribed by a record 163 Captain Adil Al Maazmi is the Senior Vice President,
times, reflecting investor confidence. In just six In his current role, he directs a diverse fleet of owned Justin Sawdon Stewart Murphy Marine Services. He brings wealth of experience
years, the company’s valuation increased more than and chartered vessels, including tankers, bulk Senior Vice President, Strategy & Business in the maritime industry with over two decades
tenfold, and from its 2023 listing on ADX through to carriers, container ships, chemical tankers, and Development in the oil and gas maritime sector. He possesses
the end of 2025, its market capitalization grew gas carriers. profound management, commercial and operational
by over 190%. Justin Murphy is Senior Vice President of Corporate expertise across all the marine logistics chain and
has led transformative projects that drive digital/ AI
He holds an Executive MBA in Strategy & Planning, Strategy and Business Development for the company
During Captain Al Masabi’s tenure, ADNOC L&S also
innovation and operational excellence in advancing
and his commitment to operational excellence and and has worked in maritime logistics and shipping for
accelerated growth through strategic mergers and
efficiency and customer value.
innovation has contributed significantly to ADNOC over 30 years. He has served as a board member and
acquisitions, notably the acquisition of ZMI Holdings,
Logistics & Services’ status in the global
one of the world’s largest owners of self-propelled
maritime industry.
jack-up barges, and an 80% stake of Singapore-
based Navig8, a leading global shipping company
Executive Committee
operating one of the world’s largest tanker fleets.
These transactions significantly expanded ADNOC
L&S’s fleet, offshore capabilities and global reach, The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of seven members, all being non-
and contributed strong financial performance.
executive directors. The Board established the Executive Committee to assist
A master mariner by training, Captain Al Masabi
the Board in the discharge of its duties.
has both a proven operational track-record and
extensive executive experience in the maritime
industry. Prior to joining ADNOC L&S, he was the The following table sets out the members of the Executive Committee in 2025:
Executive Vice President of the Ports Unit at Abu
Dhabi Ports and Chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals, Position on
Board Member 4 Feb 2025 2 May 2025 6 May 2025 5 Aug 2025 31 Oct 2025
where he was responsible for the day-to-day the ExCom 2025
operations and drove the ports’ growth, including
Mr. Khaled Salmeen Chairperson P P P P P
the development of Khalifa Port. He holds non-
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Member P P P P P
executive board memberships in several maritime
logistics companies. Mr. Marwan Naim Nijmeh Member A P P P P
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi Member P P P P P
Hugh Baker
Mr. Jasim M. Saeed* Member P P P A NA
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Ayman Dabash Member P P P P P
Mr. Baker is the company’s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Klaus Froehlich Member A P P P P
bringing 35 years of experience, including over a Mr. Nasser Al Muhairi* Member NA NA NA NA A
decade as CFO of NYSE listed Scorpio Bulkers and
Eneti Inc. He has extensive experience in financial P – Present, A – Absent, NA - Not Applicable
planning, reporting, treasury, investor relations, M&A
*Mr. Nasser Al Muhairi was appointed as a member of the ExCom effective 8 October 2025, and as the Chairperson of the ExCom, effective 16 November 2025.
*Mr. Jasim M. Saeed resigned from the ExCom effective 25 September 2025.
Ms. Mashael Al Marzooqi was appointed as a member of the ExCom , effective 16 November 2025.
The above changes were duly noted and recorded in accordance with the company’s governance framework.
78 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 79

===== PAGE 42 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Audit Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee The Nomination and Remuneration Committee The Audit Committee assists the Board in The Audit Committee must be chaired by one
assists the Board in setting and overseeing the Terms of Reference require that the Nomination discharging its responsibilities with regard to of the independent members and must include
nomination and remuneration policies in respect of and Remuneration Committee must comprise four financial reporting, external and internal audits other members approved by the Board. The Audit
the Board, any committees of the Board and senior members. At least three of the members of the and controls, including reviewing and monitoring Committee meets at least four times a year. All
management. In such capacity, it is responsible Nomination and Remuneration Committee need the integrity of the company’s annual and interim members of the Audit Committee will be required
for evaluating certain matters relating to the to be Non-Executive Directors (of whom at least financial statements, reviewing and monitoring the to comply with the company’s insider trading policy
company’s executive management, evaluating two need to be independent), in each case within extent of the non–audit work undertaken by external which sets out guidelines on matters relating to the
the balance of skills, knowledge, and experience the meaning of those terms in the Governance auditors, advising on the appointment of external sharing of material non-public information and insider
of the Board and committees of the Board, and, in Rules. The chairperson of the Nomination and auditors, overseeing the company’s relationship with trading.
particular, monitoring the independent status of Remuneration Committee must be chosen from its external auditors, reviewing the effectiveness
the independent Directors. In addition, and subject among the independent committee members. of the external audit process and reviewing the The Audit Committee has taken appropriate steps
to the Articles of Association, the Nomination effectiveness of the company’s internal control to ensure that the company’s External Auditors
and Remuneration Committee assists the Board The members of the Nomination and Remuneration review function. are independent of the company as required by
in determining its responsibilities in relation to Committee are appointed in accordance with the the Governance Rules and has obtained written
remuneration, including making recommendations Nomination and Remuneration Committee Terms The Audit Committee will give due consideration to confirmation from the company’s Auditors that they
to the Board on the company’s policy on executive of Reference. The Nomination and Remuneration the applicable laws and regulations of the UAE, the comply with guidelines on independence issued by
remuneration and decisions on certain of the Committee meets at least two times per year and Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM), the Securities the relevant accountancy and auditing bodies.
company’s human capital policies, setting the over- otherwise from time to time, based on the company’s and Commodities Authority (SCA) and the Abu Dhabi
arching principles, parameters and governance requirements. All members of the Nomination and Securities Exchange (ADX). In addition, the Audit The Audit Committee’s responsibilities in relation
framework of our remuneration policy and overseeing Remuneration Committee are required to comply Committee provides oversight on risk management, to the Audit and Assurance Division include the
remuneration and benefits packages. with the ADNOC Group’s information-sharing internal controls over financial reporting and review and approval of the overall audit strategies
protocol, which sets out guidelines on matters compliance processes of ADNOC and annual audit work plan, budget, and overseeing
The Board will delegate to the Nomination and relating to the sharing of material non-public Logistics & Services. the internal audit programs and performance. In
Remuneration Committee decisions in relation to the information and insider trading. addition, the Audit Committee ensures that Audit
appointment, removal, and replacement of personnel The approved Audit Committee charter of ADNOC and Assurance has full and unrestricted access to
reporting directly to the company’s chief executive The following table sets out the meetings held by the Logistics & Services requires that the Audit all required sources of information relevant to the
officer, senior vice-presidents of the company, and Nomination and Remuneration Committee in 2025: Committee shall comprise shareholder(s) nominees. performance of its work. As part of his role as the
management personnel reporting directly to the Members of the committee shall be independent Chair of the Audit Committee, Khaled Al Zaabi is
Group’s senior vice-presidents. from company’s Management. At least one of the responsible for ensuring the committee’s overall
committee members should be Board member. One effectiveness and that the committee properly
of the independent members must be appointed complies with all of its stated objectives. The Audit
Member Position 18 August 2025 24 October 2025 as the Chair of the Audit Committee. In addition, Committee held four meetings in 2025, and all
at least one member is required to have recent recommendations of the Audit Committee were
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Aljarwan Chairperson P P and relevant audit and accounting experience. accepted by the Board.
Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi Member P P
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi Member P P
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Audit Committee in 2025:
Ms. Ayesha Mohamed Al Hammadi Member P P
Mr. Nasser Omair Al Muhairi Member A P
Board Member Position 3 Feb 2025 1 May 2025 1 Aug 2025 29 Oct 2025
P – Present, A – Absent
Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi Chairperson P P P P
Ms. Tayba Abdulrahim Al Hashemi AC Member A P P P
Mr. Mashal Saoud Al Kindi AC Member P P P P
Mr. Omar Abdulla Al Nuaimi AC Member P P A P
Ms. Danielle Delbridge AC Member P P A P
Ms. Wafa Ahmed Al-Ali AC Member P P P NA
P – Present, A – Absent, NA – Not Applicable
* Ms. Al Ali attended fourth regular AC meeting as Audit Committee secretary.
80 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 81

===== PAGE 43 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
External Auditors Internal Control
We have entrusted the external audit for ADNOC Logistics & Services plc Responsibility of the Board of Directors In addition to the functions and remit of the Board
of Directors, the company internal control system
yearly accounts to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), which has been the The Board of Directors is responsible for the
is embedded in ADNOC Logistics & Services plc at
company’s internal control system and has
company’s external auditor since 2023. three levels:
established processes and procedures designed to
ensure its effectiveness. The Board acknowledges its
Level 1
The number of years PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) has Three years responsibility for overseeing the implementation of
served as the company’s External Auditor: the internal control system and for periodic reviews of
The business units and divisions within the company
this system and its effectiveness.
Partner Name: Nizar Jichi are responsible for assessing and managing
risks and building an efficient control system by
Number of years the Partner has served as the company’s Three years Our Internal Control System complying with the standard and procedures, KPIs,
External Auditor: corporate and or divisional performance contracts.
The key objectives of the internal control system are:
Total fees for auditing the financial statements of 2025 (in Audit of financial statements – USD 1,620,000
USD), including provision of reasonable assurance report Non-assurance services required to be performed by the auditor
• Creating control mechanisms that ensure efficient
on the effectiveness of internal financial controls over according to applicable laws and regulations – USD 609,000 Level 2
financial reporting: Other assurance services – Nil business processes and the implementation of the
company’s objectives Appropriate internal departments and committees
For our annual financial statements for the year ending 31 • Ensuring the safety of the company’s assets and (enterprise risk management, quality and compliance
December 2025, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) issued an functions) are responsible for facilitating and
efficient use of its resources
unqualified audit opinion: guiding the risk assessment process, developing,
• Protecting the interests of the company’s
communicating and monitoring the appropriate
shareholders and preventing and resolving conflicts
standards, processes and procedures; and
of interest
• Creating conditions for timely preparation and
Level 3
submission of reliable reports and other information
that is legally required to be publicly disclosed
The Audit and Assurance Division conducts
• Ensuring that the company is compliant with independent assessments of the efficiency of the
applicable laws and requirements of regulators internal control system.
• Ensuring that all members of the Board of Directors,
Executive Management and other employees serve
the best interests of the company, independently
from any other roles they may hold.
Audit and Assurance Function
The Board of Directors has established and endorsed To reinforce independence, the Audit and Assurance
governance structures that include an independent Division reports functionally to the Audit Committee
Audit and Assurance function. This function operates and administratively to the Chief Executive Officer.
separately from Executive Management and reports The Division’s charter, policies, procedures,
directly to the company’s Audit Committee, ensuring methodologies and risk-based internal audit plans
objectivity and independence. are reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.
The primary mandate of the Audit and Assurance Audit and Assurance activities are executed by
Division is to provide assurance and advisory services teams of qualified and experienced professionals.
on the adequacy and effectiveness of the company’s A continuous improvement framework, supported
internal control environment, corporate governance by structured learning and development programs,
framework, and risk management processes. The ensures that team members maintain the required
Division is led by Wafa Al-Ali, appointed as Vice professional competencies and capabilities. In
President, Audit and Assurance in 2025. In this addition to its assurance role, the Division provides
capacity, Ms. Al-Ali is responsible for communicating advisory services on governance, risk management
internal audit findings to both Executive Management and internal control matters, delivering value-
and the Audit Committee on a regular basis. added insights critical to enhancing organizational
efficiency and effectiveness.
82 ADNOC Logistic & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 83

===== PAGE 44 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Risk Management
Mitigating Risk
Governance Insurance
The ADNOC L&S Board of Directors holds overall ADNOC L&S maintains comprehensive insurance
responsibility for risk management, strategy, internal coverage aligned with industry standards, including all
controls, and long-term value creation. The Board risk policies covering transportation, property, vessels,
oversees stakeholder interests, the internal audit vehicles, liabilities, personnel, and equipment. These
function, and the effectiveness of the company’s risk policies provide indemnity for third party injury, loss, or
management and control systems. Supporting this, the damage, and for material loss or damage to ADNOC L&S
Executive Committee oversees commercial, financial, and property, subject to standard limits and deductibles.
operational performance, reviews information and reports, Certain risks that are not economically insurable - such
and manages reserved matters and related as prolonged business interruption - are excluded
party transactions. from coverage.
The Audit Committee oversees corporate governance,
risk management, legal and compliance, financial and Identified issues and recent developments
non-financial reporting, internal controls, and internal and
statutory audits. Risk management policies and systems For 2025, no significant issues were identified with
are reviewed regularly and updated to reflect market respect to the company’s compliance and control
conditions and changes in the company’s activities. systems.
ADNOC L&S promotes a disciplined and constructive
Violations committed during 2025
control environment through training, standards, and
clear accountability. The Board monitors management’s
No violations were committed by ADNOC Logistics &
adherence to risk policies and reviews the adequacy of the
Services plc in 2025
risk framework. A dedicated Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) Committee, in an advisory capacity, oversees risk
activities and ensures alignment with strategic objectives,
internal developments, and emerging external risks.
The company’s ERM framework is aligned with ISO 31000
and COSO ERM best practices and is integrated into
key business functions. Internal Audit reviews ERM in
line with its audit plan, reporting any findings to the Audit
Committee. Risks across subsidiaries, joint ventures,
business units, and assets are assessed regularly. Risk
owners and management representatives evaluate
exposures, implement mitigation measures, and escalate
risks in line with the Delegation of Authority, ensuring
visibility from departmental to Group-level risks.
84 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 85

===== PAGE 45 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Our Corporate Governance Overview
Our policies and standards are designed to ensure • a legitimate business case supports the related Competition Law Our Whistleblowing and Non-Retaliation Standard
compliance with regulatory requirements, support party transactions, including its arm’s length nature. encourages our employees to report concerns
The company is committed to conducting its
effective risk management, and uphold the highest about potential violations of applicable laws,
• In accordance with this standard, we may not enter business in accordance with all applicable antitrust
ethical standards. In 2025, the company continued to standards or procedures and unethical behaviour
into a Related Party Transaction unless: and unfair competition laws and regulations. The
strengthen its established governance environment in connection with our business by ensuring
company maintains and implements appropriate
by further enhancing and refining its policies, • The Board has approved the transaction, where confidentiality and by protecting good faith
policies, procedures, training, and internal controls
procedures, and practices to promote transparency, the value of the transaction between the company whistleblowers from any form of retaliation.
designed to promote compliance with competition
accountability, and integrity. As part of our ongoing and a Related Party does not exceed 5% of the
law requirements, prevent anticompetitive practices,
commitment to sound governance, the company company’s capital; or
and ensure adherence to applicable merger control Supplier and Partner Code of Ethics
regularly reviews and updates its policies to remain
• the General Assembly of the company has
and related regulatory obligations.
aligned with evolving regulatory requirements and approved the transaction, where the value of the Our commitment to conducting business with
recognized best practices. The following section transaction between the company and a Related integrity and the highest standards of ethical
outlines key Governance and Compliance policies in Party exceeds 5% of the company’s capital. Compliance Investigations Standard conduct extends to our suppliers and partners. We
place at ADNOC L&S. seek to work with those who share our values and
However, for so long as ADNOC owns more Our commitment to operating with integrity includes
demonstrate the same commitment to responsible
than 50% of our shares, we may not enter into investigating, where necessary, allegations of
and ethical business practices. Our Supplier
Code of Conduct
transactions with ADNOC or other ADNOC ethical misconduct. Our Compliance Investigations
and Partner Code of Ethics set out the minimum
Our Code of Conduct demonstrates ADNOC L&S’s companies unless such transactions have been Standard and supporting procedures set out our standards of conduct and integrity expected from all
unwavering commitment to integrity, compliance, and approved by our Board, including a majority of the approach to investigations relating to alleged suppliers and partners engaged with ADNOC L&S.
ethical behaviour across all aspects of its operations. Independent Members of the Board, subject to violations of: (a) ethical business practices; (b)
It establishes the minimum standards of conduct applicable exemptions and stipulated thresholds integrity in our interactions and arrangements with
expected of everyone working for or on behalf of under our delegation of authority matrix. third parties; and (c) applicable laws, regulations, Gender Diversity Standard
the company and provides a clear framework of policies, and procedures relating to ethical business We are committed to advancing gender diversity and
principles, rules, and behaviours that guide decision- Refer to the section on Related Party Transactions in practices and integrity. This standard requires all equality across the organization and continue efforts
making. Embedding these standards into daily this Report for more information. our personnel to cooperate fully and truthfully with to recruit more women across our business. We
operations, ensures that ADNOC L&S conducts its all investigations and avoid engaging in certain are also developing initiatives designed to advance
business responsibly, transparently, and in alignment Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Standard activities that may hinder or interfere with an women’s career growth across the company and
with its core values. investigation. have created a Gender Diversity Standard to support
We are committed to doing business lawfully,
our actions. The company intends to continue its
ethically and with integrity, and we expect all our
Inside Information and Insider Dealing Conflict of Interests Standard efforts to provide female employees with access to
employees and representatives to act accordingly.
Standard necessary training and development to help them
Consistent with this commitment, we take a zero- We understand that our employees will engage in
achieve their full potential, in line with the standards
Ensuring fair and transparent dealings in the tolerance approach to fraud, bribery, and all other legitimate social, financial and business activities
of high performance we expect from all our
company’s securities is of paramount importance to forms of corruption. Our Anti-Bribery and Anti- outside the scope of their work for the company.
employees – both men and women alike.
us, and we adopt a zero-tolerance approach to any Corruption Standard sets out our requirements Our Conflict of Interests Standard sets out the
activity that could compromise market integrity. To to ensure that none of our employees or requirements for the avoidance and management of
uphold this commitment, an Inside Information and representatives engage in any of these activities. conflicts of interests that may arise because of these Dividend Policy
Insider Dealing Standard has been implemented that other activities, including the avoidance of situations
The dividend for FY2025 is set to increase by ~20%
clearly defines the obligations and responsibilities of that have the appearance of a conflict of interests.
Anti-Money Laundering Standard YoY to $325 million (AED 1,194 million), paid on a
employees, officers, and directors when dealing in Under this standard, conflicts of interests must be
quarterly basis and set to increase by 5% on a yearly
the company’s securities. Oversight of the ongoing We are committed to conducting business in promptly disclosed so that the appropriate course
basis from 2026 until 2030, subject to approvals.
implementation and adherence of this standard is an ethical and transparent manner, and in full of action can be taken to protect ADNOC L&S’s
conducted by the Insider Dealing Committee. compliance with applicable anti-money laundering interests. This includes ensuring that all members
and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations. of the Board of Directors, Executive Management Board Evaluation Standard
Our Anti-Money Laundering Standard embeds and other employees serve the best interests of the
Related Party Transactions Standard The Board Evaluation Standard has been developed
mechanisms to detect and prevent the use of company, independently from any other roles they
to establish the procedures and criteria for
Our Related Party Transactions Standard is designed ADNOC L&S operations for money laundering, or may hold.
evaluating the performance of the Board, Board
to ensure that: any activity that facilitates money laundering, or the
Committees, the Chairman and individual Directors.
funding of terrorist or other criminal activities.
Whistleblowing and Non-Retaliation The evaluation process supports the commitment
• Related Party Transactions are conducted on arm’s
Standard of ADNOC L&S to improving the overall performance
length terms;
and effectiveness of the Board and Board
Having an open, honest and transparent culture
• the Board and Executive Management are aware Committees, maximizing strength and enabling
supports our commitment to integrity.
of the steps required to approve Related Party corrective actions where necessary.
Transactions; and
86 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 87

===== PAGE 46 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
General Information Statement of shareholders who held 5% or more of adnoc l&s capital as at 31 december 2025
Statement of the market share price at the end of each Name Number of Shares Held % of the Shares Held of ADNOC L&S capital
month during the fiscal year.
XRG PJSC 5,770,829,037 78%
Trading of ADNOC Logistics and Services plc. shares on the ADX started on 1 June 2023
Statement of shareholding distribution by the size of equity as at 31 december 2025
under the ticker ‘ADNOCLS’. The closing share price as of 31 December 2025 was AED5.92
($1.61). ADNOC L&S’s market capitalization as of 31 December 2025 was AED43.8 billion
($11.9 billion). ADNOC L&S’s share capital is AED14.67 billion ($3.99 billion), divided into 7.4 Share(s) Owned Number of Shareholders Number of Shares Held % of Shares Held
billion shares, each with a nominal value of AED1.98 ($0.54). The following table sets out the
high, low and closing price of our shares at the end of each month for the year 2025. Less than 50,000 25650 65,132,629 0.88%
From 50,000 to less than
746 114,552,733 1.55%
500,000
Share performance From 500,000 to less than
220 362,064,454 4.89%
5,000,000
2025 High (AED) Low (AED) Close (AED) More than 5,000,000 54 6,856,748,948 92.68%
January 5.8 5.18 5.18
February 5.4 5.01 5.01
Share performance compared with our sector index
March 5.18 4.84 4.93
April 4.85 4.26 4.85 130
May 4.81 4.41 4.65
June 4.68 4.2 4.66 120
July 4.76 4.57 4.66
August 5.44 4.67 5.44 110
September 5.81 5.28 5.78
October 6.08 5.66 5.74 100
November 5.84 5.53 5.64
December 5.92 5.68 5.92 90
80
Breakdown of shareholdings as of 31 December 2025
70
Jan 25 Feb 25 Mar 25 Apr 25 May 25 Jun 25 Jul 25 Aug 25 Sep 25 Oct 25 Nov 25 Dec 25
Shareholder Category Individual Companies Government Total
ADNOC L&S ADX Index ADX Industrials Index
Local 2.5% 86.0% 1.33% 89.76%
GCC 0.03% 1.92% 0.41% 2.36%
Number of shares 7,398,498,764
Arab 0.15% 0.0002% 0.00% 0.15%
Market capitalization AED43,799,112,683 $11,926,238,988
Foreign 0.27% 7.45% 0.01% 7.73%
Share capital AED 14,672,331,603 $3,995,189,000
Total 2.9% 95.3% 1.8% 100%
Nominal value AED1.98 $0.54
Investor relations can be contacted at ir.als@adnoc.ae
Additional investor relations information can be found on our website https://adnocls.ae/en/investors
88 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 89

===== PAGE 47 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
EN Full Form
Glossary of Terms
ICV In-Country Value - score indicates a company's contribution to the UAE economy, calculated as a
percentage based on local spending, investments, and Emiratization.
EN Full Form IESBA Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
$ United States Dollar IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards
100% HSE ADNOC Group core value and company-wide commitment to health, safety, and environment excellence ILMS Integrated Logistics Management System
1H First Half ILSP Integrated Logistics Services Platform
ABC Anti-Bribery and Corruption IMF International Monetary Fund
ADAA Abu Dhabi Accounting Authority IMO International Maritime Organization
ADGM Abu Dhabi Global Market IPO Initial Public Offering
ADNOC Abu Dhabi National Oil Company ISA International Standards of Auditing
ADNOC L&S ADNOC Logistics and Services plc ISM International Safety Management
ADSB Abu Dhabi Ship Building ISO International Organization for Standardization
ADX Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange IWM Integrated Warehouse Management
AED Arab Emirates Dirhams JOC Joint Operating company
AER Annual Efficiency Ratio JUB Jack-Up Barge
AGM Annual General Meeting JV Joint Venture
AI Artificial Intelligence k Thousands
AIQ ADNOC–Group 42 AI joint venture Km Kilometer
AW Shipping Joint Venture company Between ADNOC L&S and Wanhua Chemical Group km2 Square Kilometer
Bn Billion KPI Key Performance Indicators
bpd Barrels per day LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
CAPEX or capex Capital Expenditure LNGC Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers
CASH or cash Cash, Cash Equivalent and Liquid Investments LOPC Loss of Primary Containment
CEO Chief Executive Officer LPG Liquefied Petroleum Gas
CFO Chief Financial Officer LTI Lost Time Injury
CO2e Carbon Dioxide Equivalent LTIFR Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility LTIP Long-term Incentive Plan
DD&A Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization m Million
DOA Delegation of Authority M&A Mergers and Acquisitions
EBITDA Earning Before Tax, Interest, Depreciation & Amortization MENA Middle East and North Africa region
EOR Enhanced Oil Recovery NAV Net Asset Value
EPC Engineering, Procurement, Construction OCF Operating Cash Flow
ESG Environment, Social and Governance OMS Operations Management System
EU European Union Opex Operational Expenditure
EU ETS European Union Emission Trading System OS Oil Spill
FCFFO Free Cash Flow From Operations OSR Oil Spill Response
FID Final Investment Decision OSV Offshore Service Vessels
FSU Floating Storage Unit PP&E Property, Plant and Equipment
FY Full Year PSC Production Sharing Contract
G&A General and Administration PTW Permit to Work
GCC Gulf Cooperation Council SCM Supply Chain Management
GDP Gross Domestic Product SDGs Sustainable Development Goals
GHG Greenhouse Gas Shares Ordinary Shares
HCI Hybrid Capital Instrument SOLAS Safety of Life at Sea
HSE Health, Safety, and Environment TCFD Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures
HSEMS Health, Safety and Environment Management System TCO2e Tonnage of Carbon Dioxide Equivalent
IAS International Accounting Standards TOR Terms of Reference
90 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 91

===== PAGE 48 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes
EN Full Form
TRIR Total Recordable Injury Rate
TSR Total Shareholder Return
UAE United Arab Emirates
UK United Kingdom
UNGC United Nations Global Compact
US United States of America
VLAC Very Large Ammonia Carrier
VLCC Very Large Crude Carrier
VLEC Very Large Ethane Carrier
VTIS Vessel Traffic Information Service
XRG ADNOC's international investment company, focused on natural gas, chemicals, and scalable
energy solutions.
YTD Year-to-date
ZMI Zakher Marine International
92 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 93

===== PAGE 49 =====
L
A
I
C
N
A
N
I
F
S
T
N
E
M
E
T
A
T
S
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Directors’ Report 96
Independent Auditor’s report 97
to the shareholders of ADNOC
Logistics & Services PLC
Consolidated statement 103
of comprehensive income
Consolidated statement 104
of financial position
Consolidated statement 106
of changes in equity
Consolidated statement 108
of cash flows
Notes to the consolidated 110
financial statements
94 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 95

===== PAGE 50 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Directors’ Report Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
For the year ended 31 December 2025 ADNOC Logistics & Services plc
The Directors have the pleasure of submitting their report, together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Our opinion
Principal activities In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (the “company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) as at 31 December 2025, and its
The company and its subsidiaries set out in Note 2.2 (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in the business of
consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting
providing onshore and offshore logistics and transportation services to energy production facilities including material handling,
Standards.
manpower and equipment supply, provision of storage facilities and related services, provision of office space and the supply of
chemicals, catering and other onshore and offshore oil and gas field services; the operation and maintenance of supply bases
What we have audited
supporting those activities; EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction; freight and charter
services for the transportation of oil, gas and related petroleum products on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
parties; vessels pooling, commercial management of vessels and bunker trading; petroleum ports operations services, and oil
• the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025;
spill and hazardous and noxious substances response services.
• the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025;
Results and appropriation of profits
• the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
Revenue for the year is USD 5,016,112 thousand (2024: USD 3,549,330 thousand) and the profit for the year was
• the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
USD 862,847 thousand (2024: USD 756,170 thousand).
• the notes to the consolidated financial statements comprising material accounting policy information and other
Retained earnings as at 31 December 2025 are USD 1,294,229 thousand (2024: USD 899,438 thousand).
explanatory information.
In the meeting of the Board of Directors on 10 February 2026, it was proposed that a final cash dividend of USD 81,250 thousand
is paid in quarter two of 2026. Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and the applicable requirements of Abu
Statement of disclosure to auditors
Dhabi Accountability Authority (“ADAA”) Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for
The Directors of ADNOC Logistics & Services plc certify that as far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information of the Subject Entities. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
which the Group’s auditor is unaware, and that they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Group’s auditor is aware of that information.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
External auditors
Independence
A resolution to reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership (ADGM Branch) as auditors for the ensuing year will be
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
put to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”), together
with applicable ethical and independence requirements of United Arab Emirates that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
On behalf of the Board of Directors
financial statements in the United Arab Emirates. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the IESBA Code.
H.E Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber
Chairman of the Board
96 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 97

===== PAGE 51 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (cont.)
Basis for opinion (cont.) Our audit approach (cont.)
Our audit approach Key Audit Matters (cont.)
Overview
How our audit addressed the
Key audit matter
Key audit matter
Key Audit Matters
• Acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc Acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc Our audit procedures in this area included the following
among others:
• Issuance of hybrid equity instrument Refer to notes 2.2, 3.1 and 34A to the consolidated financial
statements for disclosures of related accounting policies • obtained and reviewed the sale and purchase agreement
and balances
(SPA) in respect of this transaction, including obtaining the
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated
purchase price allocation (PPA) report from management’s
financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of On 7 January 2025, the Group acquired an 80% stake in
experts and assessing their independence, competence and
significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc., with a contractual obligation to
acquire the remaining 20% in mid-2027. This transaction objectivity;
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters
resulted in the acquisition of USD 1 billion of fair valued net
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. • assessed management’s accounting for the transaction
assets with a resulting bargain gain being recognized in the
in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 3, including
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated consolidated statement of comprehensive income of USD
12 million. accounting for Integr8 Fuels Holding Inc as a joint venture;
financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the
industry in which the Group operates. • engaged with valuation specialists to review the valuation
This transaction has been accounted for in accordance with
approach and methodology, discount rates and terminal
IFRS 3, ‘Business combinations’, through the application
Key audit matters of the acquisition method of accounting. Independent growth rate assumptions in the PPA;
specialists were engaged by the Group to perform
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the • assessed the accuracy of the purchase consideration;
the purchase price allocation exercise which included
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the determining the fair value of the assets and liabilities • reviewed the calculation of the resulting bargain gain; and
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on acquired and the valuation of property, plant and
these matters. equipment acquired. • evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IFRS 3 disclosure
We have identified this transaction as significant to the requirements.
Group due to the complexity and judgement involved in
applying the acquisition method of accounting. Our audit procedures in this area included the following
among others:
Issuance of hybrid equity instrument
• assessed whether the covenants associated with the Hybrid
Refer to notes 3.1 and 33 to the consolidated financial
Equity Instrument were fully within the control of the Group
statements for disclosures of related accounting policies
and therefore do not create a contractual obligation to repay
and balances
the amounts received;
The Group issued a USD 2 billion Hybrid Equity Instrument
• assessed whether the Group could elect not to pay interest
through a subsidiary. These instruments are perpetual
at its sole discretion, without this giving rise to any default or
in nature, carry discretionary coupon payments, and are
redeemable solely at the Group’s discretion. liquidation event;
• evaluated the trigger conditions for put option events resulting
Management concluded that the Securities meet the
in potential repayment of the Hybrid Equity Instrument,
definition of equity under IAS 32, ‘Financial Instruments:
Presentation’, based on the absence of any contractual including review of management’s assessment of its ability
obligation to deliver cash, the discretionary nature of coupon and intention to take “reasonable action” to prevent, remedy,
payments, and the Group’s control over all covenants and or address such events along with a supporting
put option events.
legal confirmation; and
We focused on this area because determining the • assessed the appropriateness of the accounting treatment
appropriate classification of the securities required and disclosures applied to the hybrid equity instrument in the
significant judgement, particularly in assessing the
consolidated financial statements is in accordance with IAS
contractual terms, evaluating whether any obligations exist
32, ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’.
that would give rise to a financial liability, and concluding that
the characteristics of the instruments meet the criteria for
equity classification under IAS 32.
98 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 99

===== PAGE 52 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (cont.)
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (cont.) Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (cont.)
Our information Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report (but does not Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
auditor’s report, and the Group’s Annual Report, which is expected to be made available to us assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and the applicable
after that date. requirements of ADAA Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the Subject
Entities will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs and the applicable requirements of ADAA Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021
above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the Subject Entities, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
materially misstated.
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
report in this regard.
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
When we read the Group’s Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to internal control.
communicate the matter to those charged with governance.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated
financial statements • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance
with IFRS Accounting Standards and their preparation in compliance with the applicable provisions of the ADGM Companies • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
Regulations 2020, as amended, the ADGM Companies Regulations (International Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, and for evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
fraud or error. inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
100 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 101

===== PAGE 53 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (cont.) For the year ended 31 December 2025
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (cont.) 2025 2024
Notes USD’000 USD’000
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (cont.)
Revenues 4 5,016,112 3,549,330
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the Direct costs 5 (3,908,236) (2,608,784)
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. Gross profit 1,107,876 940,546
General and administrative expenses 6 (204,983) (141,522)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
(Provision for) / reversal of expected credit losses 17 & 24 (9,590) 2,649
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
Other income 7 50,459 19,896
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
Other expenses - (4,310)
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
Operating profit 943,762 817,259
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates 15 37,392 14,198
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
Bargain purchase gain 34A 12,056 -
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
Loss on previously held equity interest in an associate 34B (3,398) -
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Finance income 9 18,959 15,594
Finance costs 10 (87,143) (18,034)
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Profit before income tax for the year 921,628 829,017
As required by the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”) Companies Regulations 2020, as amended, and the ADGM Companies Deferred tax credit 30 898 868
Regulations (International Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, we report that: Deferred tax expense 30 - (1,123)
Current tax expense 30 (59,679) (72,592)
(i) the consolidated financial statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable
Profit for the year 862,847 756,170
requirements of the ADGM Companies Regulations 2020, as amended, and the ADGM Companies Regulations (International
Accounting Standards) Rules 2015; and
Attributable to:
(ii) the information given in the Directors’ report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Equity holders of the company 838,541 756,170
Non-controlling interests 24,306 -
Further, as required by the ADAA Chairman’s Resolution no 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the
862,847 756,170
Subject Entities, we report, in connection with our audit of the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, that
nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the company has not complied, in all material respects, with any
Other comprehensive income for the year:
of the provisions of the following laws, regulations and circulars as applicable, which would materially affect its activities or the
Re-measurement gain/(loss) on employee defined
financial statements as at 31 December 2025:
benefit obligation 61 (1,025)
(i) its Articles of Association which would materially affect its activities or its financial position as at 31 December 2025; and Total comprehensive income for the year 862,908 755,145
(ii) applicable provisions of the relevant laws, resolutions and circulars that have an impact on the Subject Entity’s consolidated
Attributable to:
financial statements.
Equity holders of the company 838,602 755,145
Non-controlling interests 24,306 -
862,908 755,145
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership (ADGM Branch)
Basic and diluted earnings per share (USD) 21 0.11 0.10
Nizar Jichi
The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
10 February 2026
102 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 103

===== PAGE 54 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
ASSETS EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Non-current assets Equity
Property, plant and equipment 11 6,884,178 4,543,335 Share capital 19 3,995,189 3,995,189
Right-of-use assets 12 225,292 161,691 Treasury shares 35 (8,805) -
Intangible assets 13 19,434 11,078 Investment reserve 20 (298,626) -
Investment properties 14 89,154 92,501 Retained earnings 1,294,229 899,438
Investment in joint ventures and associates 15 577,769 267,775 Equity attributable to owners of the company 4,981,987 4,894,627
Goodwill 29 51,368 51,368
Hybrid equity instrument 33 1,978,619 -
Advances to shipyards and others 137,600 229,882
Non-controlling interest 31 264,512 -
Sub-lease receivables 12 11,149 12,842
Total equity 7,225,118 4,894,627
Total non-current assets 7,995,944 5,370,472
Non-current liabilities
Current assets
Shareholder loan 24 - 550,000
Inventories 16 137,108 132,687
Loans and other borrowings 32 328,795 -
Trade and other receivables 17 813,285 420,479
Purchase consideration payable 34A 298,626 -
Due from related parties 24 676,383 864,410
Lease liabilities 12 141,150 130,171
Sub-lease receivables 12 4,639 16,359
Dismantling liabilities 12 2,154 2,009
Cash and cash equivalents 18 337,794 198,919
Deferred tax liability 30 33,905 34,803
Total current assets 1,969,209 1,632,854
Employees’ end of service benefits 22 38,819 39,515
TOTAL ASSETS 9,965,153 7,003,326
Total non-current liabilities 843,449 756,498
The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 23 1,054,455 956,307
Shareholder loan 24 400,000 -
Loans and other borrowings 32 79,931 -
Lease liabilities 12 82,003 59,130
Income tax payable 30 54,291 65,391
Due to related parties 24 225,906 271,373
Total current liabilities 1,896,586 1,352,201
TOTAL LIABILITIES 2,740,035 2,108,699
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 9,965,153 7,003,326
The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
H.E Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Abdulkareem Al Masabi Hugh Baker
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
104 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 105

===== PAGE 55 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Equity attributable Non-
Share Treasury Investment Retained to the owners Hybrid equity controlling
capital shares reserve earnings of the company instrument interests Total equity
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Balance as at 1 January 2024 3,995,189 - - 410,793 4,405,982 Balance as at 1 January 2024 - - 4,405,982
Profit for the year - - - 756,170 756,170 Profit for the year - - 756,170
Other comprehensive income - - - (1,025) (1,025) Other comprehensive income - - (1,025)
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 755,145 755,145 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 755,145
Transactions with owners in their Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners: capacity as owners:
Dividends paid - - - (266,500) (266,500) Dividends paid - - (266,500)
Balance as at 31 December 2024 3,995,189 - - 899,438 4,894,627 Balance as at 31 December 2024 - - 4,894,627
Balance as at 1 January 2025 3,995,189 - - 899,438 4,894,627 Balance as at 1 January 2025 - - 4,894,627
Profit for the year - - - 838,541 838,541 Profit for the year - 24,306 862,847
Other comprehensive income - - - 61 61 Other comprehensive income - - 61
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 838,602 838,602 Total comprehensive income for the year - 24,306 862,908
Other movements: Other movements:
(287,474)
Investment reserve (note 20) - - (287,474) - (287,474) Investment reserve (note 20) - -
Accretion on investment reserve/interest Accretion on investment reserve/interest
on second tranche purchase on second tranche purchase
consideration payable (note 20 & 34A) - - (11,152) - (11,152) consideration payable (note 20 & 34A) - - (11,152)
Issuance of hybrid equity instrument Issuance of hybrid equity instrument
1,978,619
(note 33) - - - - - (note 33) - 1,978,619
Coupons paid on hybrid equity Coupons paid on hybrid equity
instrument (note 33) - - - (61,333) (61,333) instrument (note 33) - - (61,333)
Fees paid on hybrid equity Fees paid on hybrid equity
instrument (note 33) - - - (2,759) (2,759) instrument (note 33) - - (2,759)
Total other movements - - (298,626) (64,092) (362,718) Total other movements 1,978,619 - 1,615,901
Transactions with owners in their Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners: capacity as owners:
Non-controlling interests arising on Non-controlling interests arising on
business combinations (note 31) - - - - - business combinations (note 31) - 251,985 251,985
Dividends paid (note 19) - - - (380,250) (380,250) Dividends paid (note 19) - - (380,250)
Dividend paid by subsidiary to Dividend paid by subsidiary to noncontrolling
- (11,779) (11,779)
noncontrolling interests - - - - - interests
Acquisition of treasury shares (note 35) - (8,805) - 531 (8,274) Acquisition of treasury shares (note 35) - - (8,274)
Total transactions with owners in their Total transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners - (8,805) - (379,719) (388,524) capacity as owners - 240,206 (148,318)
Balance as at 31 December 2025 3,995,189 (8,805) (298,626) 1,294,229 4,981,987 Balance as at 31 December 2025 1,978,619 264,512 7,225,118
The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements. The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
106 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 107

===== PAGE 56 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the year 862,847 756,170 Purchase of property, plant and equipment (1,106,529) (810,851)
Adjustments for: Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment 77,578 2,753
Deferred tax credit 30 (898) (868)
Proceeds from disposal of an associate 15 206 -
Deferred tax expense 30 - 1,123
Purchase of intangible asset 13 (54) -
Current tax expense 30 59,679 72,592 Investment in a subsidiary, net of cash acquired 34A (793,200) -
Profit before income tax 921,628 829,017 Investment in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 34B (32,036) -
Adjustments for: Investment in joint ventures and associates 15 (85,590) (176,865)
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 11 385,487 266,207 Dividends received from joint ventures and associates 15 9,620 -
Depreciation on investment properties 14 5,436 5,259 Advances paid to shipyards and others (25,796) (229,882)
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 12 117,104 39,062 Interest received 17,857 13,799
Profit on initial recognition of sub-lease receivables 12 (140) - Net cash used in investing activities (1,937,944) (1,201,046)
Bargain purchase gain 34A (12,056) -
Loss on previously held equity interest in an associate 34B 3,398 -
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Provision for dismantling expenses 12 145 136
Proceeds from shareholder loan – term facility 24 950,000 450,000
Provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories 16 1,342 692
Repayment of shareholder loan – term facility 24 (1,290,000) -
Amortisation of intangible assets 13 16,782 6,811
Proceeds from shareholder loan - revolving credit facility 24 715,000 -
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 7 (11,382) (1,677)
Repayment of shareholder loan - revolving credit facility 24 (525,000) -
Provision for/(reversal) of expected credit losses
Interest paid on shareholder loans (43,891) (5,418)
on trade receivables 17 10,446 (4,112)
(Reversal) of/provision for expected credit losses on Proceeds from issuance of hybrid equity instrument - net 33 1,978,619 -
on due from related parties 24 (856) 1,463 Coupons paid on hybrid equity instrument 33 (61,333) -
Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 22 7,274 7,222 Fees paid on hybrid equity instrument 33 (2,759) -
Write-back of excess provision for employees’ end of Acquisition of treasury shares - net 35 (8,274) -
service benefits 22 (6,000) - Repayments of loans and other borrowings 32 (464,519) -
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates 15 (37,392) (14,198) Interest on loans and other borrowings 32 (39,258) -
Finance income 9 (18,959) (15,594)
Dividends paid 19 (380,250) (266,500)
Finance costs 10 87,143 18,034 Interest portion on lease liabilities (12,719) (9,831)
1,469,400 1,138,322 Principal portion of lease liabilities (109,526) (52,860)
Net cash generated from financing activities 706,090 115,391
Working capital adjustments:
Inventories 28,775 (12,659)
Trade and other receivables (139,665) (28,047) NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH EQUIVALENTS 138,875 (16,790)
Due from related parties 189,927 (123,026) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 198,919 215,709
Trade and other payables (101,976) 102,083 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR 18 337,794 198,919
Pension liabilities paid by shareholder - (18,952)
Due to related parties (17,759) 161
Significant non-cash transactions excluded from the
Cash flows from operating activities 1,428,702 1,057,882 consolidated statement of cash flows are:
Employees’ end of service benefits paid 22 (4,658) (2,996)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 89,098 145,297
Interest portion of sub-leases 12 1,102 1,795
Principal portion of sub-leases 12 16,925 19,386
Additions to right-of-use assets 12 96,418 52,607
Tax paid (70,779) (7,201)
Additions to sub-lease receivables 12 3,372 -
Interest paid (563) (1)
Additions to lease liabilities 12 99,790 52,607
Net cash generated from operating activities 1,370,729 1,068,865 Purchase consideration payable and investment reserve 34A 298,626 -
The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements. The attached notes on pages 110 to 179 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
108 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 109

===== PAGE 57 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
1 GENERAL INFORMATION 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (the “company”) was incorporated on 19 April 2023 as a public company limited by shares, 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (cont.)
with registration number 000009847, pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”) (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2020.
Basis of measurement
The company has been established for the purpose of serving as a holding company for the Abu Dhabi Marine Business and
Services company P.J.S.C. Group. The consolidated financial statements have been presented in United States Dollars (USD), which is the presentation currency
of the Group as well as of the ultimate holding company. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (USD’000), except where
In 2023, the shareholders approved the listing of the company’s shares on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, whereby 19% of
otherwise indicated.
its shares were offered in an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”). Subsequently, on 28 August 2025, ADNOC sold an additional 3% of its
shareholding in the company through an institutional placement. As of the reporting date, ADNOC holds 78% of the issued share 2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
capital of the Group, while the remaining 22% is held by the general public.
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries listed below. Where
The company is controlled by the ultimate parent company Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”). ADNOC is wholly owned applicable, entities incorporated and acquired during the year are clearly identified within the list:
by the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.
On 11 September 2025, ADNOC transferred its majority shareholding in ADNOC Logistics & Services plc, to XRG P.J.S.C.,
ADNOC’s wholly-owned international energy investment company. This internal restructuring was executed through an off- Country of Effective percentage
Type
market transaction on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX). ADNOC’s strategy continues to retain ultimate ownership and incorporation holding
control through its 100% stake in XRG. The transfer does not impact ADNOC Logistics & Services plc’s operations. 31 31
December December
The company and its subsidiaries set out in Note 2.2 (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in the business of
2025 2024
providing onshore and offshore logistics and transportation services to energy production facilities including material handling,
Direct subsidiaries
manpower and equipment supply, provision of storage facilities and related services, provision of office space and the supply of
Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C Existing UAE 100% 100%
chemicals, catering and other onshore and offshore oil and gas field services; the operation and maintenance of supply bases
supporting those activities; EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction; freight and charter Indirect subsidiaries
services for the transportation of oil, gas and related petroleum products on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third Abu Dhabi Marine Operations and Services Company LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
parties; petroleum ports operations services, and oil spill and hazardous and noxious substances response services. Abu Dhabi Marine Assets company LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
Abu Dhabi Marine International Holdings RSC Limited Existing UAE 100% 100%
On 7 January 2025, the Group completed its acquisition of an 80% stake in Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc (hereafter referred to as
“Navig8”) through a subsidiary of ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (Compass Holdco RSC Limited). As a result of this acquisition, Zinc Holdco RSC Ltd Existing UAE 100% 100%
ADNOC Logistics & Services’ service offering, among others, includes pooling, commercial management, bunker trading, Al Gafai Marine Services Company LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
technical management and ESG-focused digital solutions (refer to Note 34A). Sirdal National Marine Services company LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
National Gas Carriers Company Existing Liberia 100% 100%
The registered office of the company is Level 28, Al Sarab Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi,
Abu Dhabi National Shipping Company BV Existing British Virgin 100% 100%
United Arab Emirates.
Islands
The consolidated financial statements of the Group were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors and signed Abu Dhabi Marine International Chartering Holdings RSC Limited Existing UAE 100% 100%
on their behalf on 10 February 2026.
Abu Dhabi Marine International Operations Holdings RSC Limited Existing UAE 100% 100%
Umm Al Lulu Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Janana Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION Al Bazem Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
Al Samha Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
Statement of compliance
Al Sader Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and interpretations Al Reem I Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) applicable to companies reporting under IFRS Accounting Standards as
Ghantout Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC Existing UAE 100% 100%
issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB).
Abu Dhabi III Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Functional and presentation currency Bani Yas Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Mezaira’a Shipping company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
Arrilah I Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). Because the company is incorporated under the
Abu Al Abyad Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
ADGM, the financial information is required to be presented in USD.
Al Yasat II Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
110 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 111

===== PAGE 58 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Country of Effective percentage
Type
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.) incorporation holding
31 31
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
December December
2025 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
Indirect subsidiaries (Cont.)
2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (Cont.) Newco 16 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Newco 18 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries listed below. Where
Newco 19 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
applicable, entities incorporated and acquired during the year are clearly identified within the list:
Newco 20 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Newco 21 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Newco 22 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Country of Effective percentage
Type
incorporation holding Newco 23 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
31 31 Newco 24 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
December December Newco 25 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
2025 2024 Newco 26 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Indirect subsidiaries (Cont.) Newco 27 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Liwa V Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 28 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Diyyinah I Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 29 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Yamilah III Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 30 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Butinah Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 31 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Ras Ghumays I Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 32 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Yas Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 33 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
Al Karama Shipping Company Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 34 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
HoldCo 1 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Newco 35 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100%
HoldCo 2 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% ZMI Holdings Existing Cayman Islands 100% 100%
Al Khtam Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Zakher Marine International Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Al Ruwais Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Zakher Marine International Inc. – Abu Dhabi Branch Existing UAE 100% 100%
Tarif Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Holding Limited Existing British Virgin 100% 100%
Al Bateen Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Islands
Al Falah Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS 2 Offshore Services Ltd Existing Saint Vincent & 100% 100%
Al Khaznah Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Grenadines
Shahamah Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS 2 Offshore Services Ltd. – Abu Dhabi Branch Existing UAE 100% 100%
Ghasha Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Petroleum Services Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Ish Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% MBBS Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Umm Al Ashtan Limited Existing Liberia 100% 100% Al Shahama Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Al Hamra Limited Existing Liberia 100% 100% Al Bahia Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Mraweh Limited Existing Liberia 100% 100% Al Maryah Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Hafeet Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS China Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Habshan Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Achiever Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Al Bahya Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Gladiator Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Mubaraz Limited Existing Liberia 100% 100% Petrodrill Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Al Wathba Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Subhiya Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Al Dhafra Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Gloria Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Das Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Bani Yas Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Zakum Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Nadiya Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Hili Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Zakher Marine Saudi Company Limited Existing KSA 100% 100%
Arzanah Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Premier Marine Services W.L.L Existing Qatar 100% 100%
Al Jimi Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Volo Travel and Tourism (Sole Proprietorship) L.L.C Existing UAE 100% 100%
Barakah Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Lextus Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Jarnain Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Offshore Industries L.L.C Existing UAE 100% 100%
Newco 1 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Neptune Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Newco 2 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Aquarius Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Newco 3 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Leo Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
Newco 4 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% QMS Amora Inc Existing Panama 100% 100%
112 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 113

===== PAGE 59 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Country of Effective percentage
Type
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.) incorporation holding
31 31
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
December December
2025 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
Indirect subsidiaries (Cont.)
2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (Cont.) Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Apollo Shipping Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries listed below. Where
SWS VLCC JV LLC Acquired Marshall Islands 90% -
applicable, entities incorporated and acquired during the year are clearly identified within the list:
SWS VLCC GP LLC Acquired Marshall Islands 90% -
Crew Management Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Navig8 Asset Co Investments Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Country of Effective percentage
Type
incorporation holding Navig8 Asset Holdings Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
31 31 Navig8 Asset Management Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
December December Navig8 Group Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
2025 2024 Navig8 Pool Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Indirect subsidiaries (Cont.) Navig8 Commercial Services Ltd Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Sentinel Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Technical Management Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Nouf Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Pythagoras Corporation Ltd Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Amouage Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Chemicals Services Ltd Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Kinoa Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Services Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Pandan Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Technical Investments Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Pili Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% TBM Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Pesto Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Marine Technologies Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Pluto One Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Agency Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Pluto Two Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Democritus Shipping Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Turquoise Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Zeno Shipping Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Zirconium Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Engine Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Al Khatem Inc Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Al Muzn Existing Panama 100% 100% Navig8 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 36 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 1 Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Newco 37 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 2 Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Newco 38 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 3 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 39 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 4 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 40 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 5 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 41 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 6 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 42 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 7 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 43 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Apollo Shipping 8 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 44 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Navig8 Constellation Corporation Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Newco 45 Inc Existing Liberia 100% 100% Navig8 Universe Corporation Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Hyper Holdco RSC Limited Existing UAE 100% 100% Pythagoras Corporation 1 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Hyper Issuerco SPV RSV Limited Existing UAE 100% 100% Pythagoras Corporation 2 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
ALS International Ship Chartering Limited Existing UAE 100% 100% Pythagoras Corporation 3 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Compass Holdco RSC Limited Existing UAE 100% 100% Pythagoras Corporation 4 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Osprey Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 4 Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Pearl Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 5 Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
QMS Emerald Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 5 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Lulwa Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 6 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Supporter Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 7 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Pride Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 8 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Constructor Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 9 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Omar Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 10 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Surprise II Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 11 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Ruby Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 12 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
QMS Marimba Inc New Panama 100% - Pythagoras Corporation 13 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
114 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 115

===== PAGE 60 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Country of Effective percentage
Type
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.) incorporation holding
31 31
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
December December
2025 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
Associates
2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (Cont.) TB Marine Shipmanagement GmbH & Co. KG Acquired Germany 40% -
TB Marine Cont Shipmanagement GmbH & Co. Acquired Germany 40% -
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries listed below. Where
DUNA Marine Shipmanagement Acquired Latvia 21% -
applicable, entities incorporated and acquired during the year are clearly identified within the list:
Cassiopeia Shipmanagement (Cyprus) Ltd Acquired Cyprus 24% -
Cassiopeia Marine Services GmbH Acquired Germany 24% -
GCC German Crew Center GmbH Acquired Germany 22% -
Country of Effective percentage
Type
incorporation holding Clean Marine Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 22% -
31 31 Ridgebury Suez 2025 LLC Acquired USA 14% -
December December IQrew Management Ltd Acquired Cyprus 21% -
2025 2024 Safe Route Marine Ltd Acquired Cyprus 40% -
Indirect subsidiaries (Cont.) Orient Maritime Agencies Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 39% -
Pythagoras Corporation 14 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - Orientace Maritime (M) Sdn Bhd Acquired Malaysia 22% -
Pythagoras Corporation 15 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - Nakkas Denizcilik Ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi Acquired Türkiye 40% -
Pythagoras Corporation 16 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - UD Marine Services Ltd Acquired Cyprus 17% -
Pythagoras Corporation 17 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - Trade Ocean Holdings (Pty) Ltd Acquired South Africa 39% -
Pythagoras Corporation 18 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - BR8 Shipping Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 37% -
Herakleitos 3050 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
D8 Product Tankers I LLC Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Democritus Shipping 1 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - The financial statements of the subsidiaries and these consolidated financial statements use consistent accounting policies for
Democritus Shipping 2 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - each year presented. All intra-group balances, transactions, income and expenses, and profits and losses resulting from intra-
Democritus Shipping 3 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - group transactions are eliminated. Companies linked to one another by consolidation are integrated through the aggregation of
Democritus Shipping 4 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - accounts, in accordance with rules identical to those for full consolidation.
Zeno Shipping 1 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
Zeno Shipping 2 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the
Zeno Shipping 3 Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - Group’s accounting policies.
Navig8 America LLC Acquired USA 80% -
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are material to the
Navig8 Asia Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
consolidated financial statements have been disclosed in Note 3.1.
Navig8 DMCC Acquired UAE 80% -
Navig8 Europe Ltd Acquired United Kingdom 80% -
Subsidiaries
Navig8 Greece Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Navig8 India Private Limited Acquired India 80% - Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has
VL8 Management Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% - rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
Navig8 Chemicals Asia Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
from the date when control ceases. Upon loss of control, the Group derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,
Navig8 Chemicals Europe Ltd Acquired United Kingdom 80% -
any non-controlling interests and other components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising on loss of
V8 Plus Management Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
control is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the Group retains any interest in the previous
Marine Technology Solutions Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 72% -
subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair value at the date that the control is lost.
Navig8 AG Ltd Acquired UAE 80% -
Navig8 Risk Management Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations.
Engine X Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred
Engine X DMCC Acquired UAE 80% - to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair
Engine Technologies Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% - value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement.
Group Fuels Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Straits Shipping 2 Corporation Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Navig8 Geneva SA Acquired Switzerland 80% -
Shipwatch Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 80% -
Joint ventures
AW Shipping Limited Existing UAE 50% 50%
Integr8 Fuels Holdings Inc Acquired Marshall Islands 80% -
Suntech Maritime Pte Ltd Acquired Singapore 40% -
Suntech Crew Mgt Pvt Ltd Acquired India 40% -
116 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 117

===== PAGE 61 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)
2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (Cont.) 2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (Cont.)
Subsidiaries (Cont.) Capital reorganisation
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent Business combination under common control
changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in accordance
A business combination involving entities or businesses under common control is a business combination in which all the
with IFRS 9 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the combination
re-measured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
and that control is not transitory.
If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
Transactions giving rise to the transfer of interests in entities, which are under the common control of the Shareholders, are
the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised directly in the consolidated statement of
accounted for using the predecessor value method without restatement of comparative information. The assets and liabilities
comprehensive income as a bargain purchase.
acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised previously in the books of the transferor entity. The components of
A financial liability is recognised at the acquisition date for the present value of the expected redemption amount, with a equity of the acquired entities are added to the same components within Group equity. Any difference between the consideration
corresponding investment reserve recorded in equity. The liability is subsequently measured using the effective interest method, paid and capital of the acquiree is recognised directly in equity.
with the unwinding of the discount recognised directly in equity through an adjustment to the investment reserve.
Transactions involving newly established entities that do not qualify as business combinations are accounted for as capital
Where a business combination includes a put option over non-controlling interests that gives rise to an unavoidable obligation reorganisations. In its consolidated financial statements, the acquirer incorporates the assets and liabilities of the existing entity
to transfer cash, the present value of the expected redemption amount is recognised at the acquisition date as a financial liability. at their pre-combination carrying amounts without fair value uplift. The pre-combination book values reflect the carrying values
The corresponding adjustment is recognised directly in equity as an investment reserve and is treated as an equity transaction, in the books of the existing entity. The acquirer’s consolidated financial statements include the acquired entity’s full-year results
with no impact on goodwill or profit or loss. On an annual basis, management reassesses the expected redemption amounts and (including comparatives), even though the business combination might have occurred part of the way through the year, or they
adjusts as required. incorporate the results from the date when the entity joined the group, where such a date is later.
Subsequently, the financial liability is measured at amortised cost, with increases in the carrying amount arising from the
unwinding of the discount rate or changes in estimated redemption amounts recognised directly in equity within the investment
reserve. On settlement or expiry of the put option, the financial liability is derecognised, with any resulting difference recognised 2.3 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
directly in equity.
2.3.1 New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards applied with no material effect on the consolidated
Inter-group transactions, balances, income and expenses on transactions between subsidiaries are eliminated. Profits and losses financial statements
resulting from inter-group transactions that are recognised in assets are also eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial information are consistent with those followed
been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the notes
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control thereto, except for the adoption of certain new and revised standards, that became effective in the current period, as set
out below:
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions – that is,
as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the Lack of Exchangeability – Amendments to IAS 21, ‘The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates’ (effective 1 January
relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals of 2025) In August 2023, the IASB amended IAS 21 to add requirements to help entities to determine whether a currency is
non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity. exchangeable into another currency, and the spot exchange rate to use where it is not. Prior to these amendments, IAS 21 set
out the exchange rate to use when exchangeability is temporarily lacking, but not what to do when lack of exchangeability is not
Disposal of subsidiaries
temporary. These new requirements apply for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025. Early application is
When the Group ceases to have control any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value at the date when permitted (subject to any endorsement process).
control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the
Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial Statements – Amendments to Illustrative Examples on IFRS 7, IFRS 18, IAS
purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any
1, IAS 8, IAS 36 and IAS 37 In November 2025, the IASB issued amendments regarding ‘Disclosures about Uncertainties in the
amounts previously recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
Financial Statements’. This does not change requirements in current IFRS Accounting Standards. Rather, they provide additional
for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in
insights into how to apply these disclosure requirements in current IFRS Accounting Standards. This does not have an effective
other comprehensive income are reclassified to the profit or loss.
date, but entities might consider the application for December 2025 year-ends.
Other than the above, there are no other material IFRS Accounting Standards or amendments that were effective for the first time
for the financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
The application of these amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards has not had any material impact on the amounts reported
for the current period but may affect the accounting for the Group’s future transactions or arrangements.
118 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 119

===== PAGE 62 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
2.3 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Cont.) 2.3 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Cont.)
2.3.2 New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted 2.3.2 New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (Cont.)
The Group has not early adopted new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective. IFRS 19, ‘Subsidiaries without Public Accountability’ – Disclosures (effective 1 January 2027) In May 2024, the IASB issued
IFRS 19, which allows eligible entities to elect to apply its reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the recognition,
Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
measurement and presentation requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the reporting
(effective 1 January 2026) In May 2024, the IASB issued targeted amendments to IFRS 9, ‘Financial Instruments’, and IFRS 7,
period an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in IFRS 10, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate
‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’, to respond to recent questions arising in practice. These amendments:
or intermediate) that prepares consolidated financial statements, available for public use, which comply with IFRS Accounting
(a clarify the date of recognition and derecognition of some financial assets and liabilities, with a new exception for some Standards. IFRS 19 will become effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early application
financial liabilities settled through an electronic cash transfer system; permitted.
(b) clarify and add further guidance for assessing whether a financial asset meets the solely payments of principal and interest IFRS 18, ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ (effective 1 January 2027) In April 2024, the IASB issued
(SPPI) criterion; IFRS 18 in response to investors’ concerns about comparability and transparency of entities’ performance reporting. The new
presentation requirements introduced in IFRS 18 will increase comparability of the financial performance of similar entities,
(c) add new disclosures for certain instruments with contractual terms that can change cash flows (such as some financial
especially related to how ‘operating profit or loss’ is defined. The new disclosure requirements for ‘management-defined
instruments with features linked to the achievement of environment, social and governance targets); and
performance measures’ will enhance transparency.
(d) update the disclosures for equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
This standard sets out requirements for the presentation and disclosure of information in financial statements, particularly the
These amendments will primarily impact the level of detail at which the group discloses information about strategic equity consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The standard introduces a defined structure for the consolidated statement
investments whose changes in fair value the group has elected to present in other comprehensive income. The amendments of comprehensive income, additional defined subtotals, new principles for aggregation and disaggregation of information,
to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026, with early application and it mandates disclosures about management-defined performance measures. IFRS 18 will have no impact on recognition
permitted. and measurement. From Group’s initial impact assessment, it has concluded that the impact will be limited to disclosure and
presentation in the consolidated financial statements. The primary change will be that the share of profit from joint ventures
Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 (effective 1 January 2026) The IASB has made the
and associates will be classified in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income under the investing category (income
following improvements in September 2024:
generated by the investment) instead of the operating category. As a result of this change, the dividends received from joint
IFRS 1, ‘First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting’ – to improve consistency between IFRS 1 and IFRS 9, ‘Financial ventures and associates will be reclassified in the consolidated statement of cash flows from cash flow from operating activities
Instruments’, in relation to the requirements for hedge accounting, and to improve the understandability of IFRS 1; to cash flow from investing activities. At this stage, the quantitative impact of IFRS 18 cannot be reasonably estimated. IFRS 18 is
effective from 1 January 2027 and has not yet been adopted by the Group.
IFRS 7, ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’ – to improve consistency in the language used in IFRS 7 with the language used in
IFRS 13, ‘Fair Value Measurement’; The Group is currently assessing the impact of these standards amendments on the future consolidated financial statements of
the Group, and intends to adopt it, if applicable, when it becomes effective.
IFRS 9 – to clarify how a lessee accounts for the derecognition of a lease liability when it is extinguished, and to address an
inconsistency between IFRS 9 and IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, in relation to the term ‘transaction price’;
IFRS 10, ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ – to clarify the requirements in relation to determining de facto agents of an entity;
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
and
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
IAS 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows’ – to replace the term ‘cost method’ with ‘at cost’, since the term is no longer defined in IFRS
Accounting Standards. The Group recognises revenue from contracts with customers based on a five-step model as set out in IFRS 15:
The Group has determined that the amendments are not expected to materially impact the Group’s consolidated financial Step 1: Identify contract(s) with a customer: A contract is defined as an agreement between two or more parties that creates
statements. enforceable rights and obligations and sets out the criteria for every contract that must be met.
Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 (effective 1 January 2026) In Step 2: Identify performance obligations in the contract: A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to
December 2024, the IASB issued targeted amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 to allow entities to better reflect nature-dependent transfer a good or service to the customer.
electricity contracts in the financial statements. The amendments:
Step 3: Determine the transaction price: The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
(a) clarify the application of the ‘own-use’ criteria to nature-dependent electricity contracts; entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf
of third parties.
(b) permit hedge accounting if these contracts are used as hedging instruments; and
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: For a contract that has more than one
(c) add new disclosure requirements to enable users of financial statements to better understand the effect of these contracts
performance obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount
on an entity’s financial performance and cash flows.
that depicts the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for satisfying each
The amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026, with
performance obligation.
early application permitted.
Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation.
120 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 121

===== PAGE 63 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Cont.) IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Cont.)
The Group satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met: Revenue recognition from vessel pools (Cont.)
a) The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternate use to the Group and the Group has as an enforceable Agent-to-Owner Model — Determination of Principal vs. Agent
right to payment for performance completed to date.
For pool arrangements under the agent-to-owner model, the Group performed an assessment to determine whether the Group
b) The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. is acting as principal or agent. The Group as pool companies operate as agents to vessel owners. The Group as vessel owners
act as principals.
c) The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
performs. Indicators that the pool company and pool manager are agents under this model include:
IFRS 15 requires entities to exercise judgement, taking into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances when • Inventory risk (vessel available days) remain with the vessel owners. The pool company or the pool manager does not incur any
applying each step of the model to contracts with their customers. charges for unfixed vessel days.
Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in a contract with a customer and • The vessel owners contribute full working capital to the pool company.
excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognises revenue when it transfers control of a product or
• The vessel owners assume full credit and legal risk associated with the vessel charters.
service to a customer.
The Group concluded it has limited authority under this model and therefore acts as an agent. The Group recognises only pool
The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:
commissions and management fees as operating income.
Freight/ Voyage charters:
Sale of goods:
Revenue in relation to freight/ voyage charters is recognised over time since the customer simultaneously receives and
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been
consumes the benefits of the Group’s performance in providing integrated transportation services.
delivered to the customers. Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at a point of time. Sale of goods primarily include sale of
Under IFRS 15, the performance obligation has been identified as the transportation of cargo from one point to another. drilling chemicals, bunkers, petrol and water.
Therefore, in a voyage charter under IFRS 15, revenue is recognised on a pro-rata basis commencing on the date that the cargo
Rendering of services:
is loaded and concluding on the date of discharge. Progress is generally measured using voyage days completed.
The Group provides port services, base operation services and oil field services to customers. Revenue is recognised over time
Vessel time charters:
since customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Group’s performance in providing services under
Time charters contain a lease component (i.e., hire of the vessel) and service components (i.e., operation of the vessel and contractual terms.
maintenance service etc.). Revenue from hire of vessel is recognised over the lease term and revenue from services is
Rental income:
recognised over time. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation using an expected cost-plus margin
approach. The Group’s policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy on leasing below.
Vessel bareboat charters: EPC (Engineering, procurement and construction contract revenue):
Bareboat charters contain only a lease component (i.e., hire of the vessel) and does not contain service components (i.e., Revenue from EPC contracts is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the outcome of the
operation of the vessel and maintenance service etc.). Revenue from hire of vessel is recognised over the lease term. contract can be reliably estimated. The measurement of contract revenue is affected by a variety of uncertainties (including cost
estimation and surveys of work performed) that depend on the outcome of future events.
Revenue recognition from vessel pools:
Contract revenue is recognised over time in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income based on the stage of
The pools are managed by the Group through its pool companies, which are wholly owned subsidiaries, acting as agent to vessel
completion of the contracts. The stage of completion can be measured by various methods. The management uses one of the
owners (including group’s vessel owning companies/operating companies). Separate pool agreements exist between the pool
following methods that measure reliably the actual work performed on the contract, depending on the nature of the contract:
companies and the respective pool participants/vessel owners. The right to control the usage of the vessels in the pool remains
with the vessels owners, therefore the agreements between the pool and the vessel owners are not leases under IFRS 16. • surveys of work performed; or
The pool company along with the vessel owners have appointed a pool manager (another wholly owned subsidiary) which • the proportion that costs incurred to date bear to the estimated total costs of the contract
negotiates charters primarily in the spot market, though short-duration time charters may also be arranged.
When the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs incurred
The objective of the commercial pool setup is to facilitate the commercial operation, employment, and marketing of vessels. that is probable to be recovered. Contract costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. The
Optimal utilisation of vessels is achieved through improved scheduling, reduction of ballast legs, and combined purchase of above estimates often need to be revised as events occur and uncertainties are resolved. Therefore, the amount of contract
services, delivering economies of scale, improved flexibility, efficiency, and competitiveness. revenue recognised may increase or decrease from year to year.
Shipowners contribute their vessels to the pool; the pool is managed by the pool manager under authority from the
vessel owners.
122 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 123

===== PAGE 64 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Property, plant and equipment Borrowing costs
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and/or accumulated impairment losses, if any. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets (such as vessels), which
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the assets’ costs to their residual values over their estimated are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of
useful lives as follows: those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Useful life To the extent that variable rate borrowings are used to finance a qualifying asset and are hedged in an effective cash flow hedge
Buildings, ports, wharves and land improvements 7 - 50 years of interest rate risk, the effective portion of the derivative is recognised in other comprehensive income and reclassified to the
consolidated statement of profit or loss when the qualifying asset affects it. To the extent that fixed-rate borrowings are used
Offshore vessels 20 - 25 years
to finance a qualifying asset and are hedged in an effective fair value hedge of interest rate risk, the capitalised borrowing costs
Vessels - Tankers 25 years
reflect the hedged interest rate.
Vessels - Dry-Bulk and Containers 25 years
Vessels – Gas Carriers 25 - 40 years Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets
Jack-up barges 40 years is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated
Dry docking components of vessel and marine equipment 2 - 5 years statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they are incurred.
Plant 20 years Investment properties
Equipment and vehicles 4 - 10 years
Investment properties, which are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation, are initially measured at cost,
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 4 - 5 years
including transaction costs and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment (if any).
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed annually, with the effect of any changes in Depreciation on investment properties is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 20 - 25 years.
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any
An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised, is derecognised upon disposal or when no changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated The gains or losses arising on the disposal or retirement of investment properties is determined as the difference between the
as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the profit or loss as sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
other income/(loss) when the asset is derecognised. in the year.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than The Group classifies rental inflows from investment properties as operating cash flows.
its estimated recoverable amount.
Investment in joint ventures and associates
Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
are considered to modify the depreciation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when
The Group reassesses the salvage value of the vessels based on the scrap value rate on a yearly basis to ensure accurate decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
financial reporting and compliance with IFRS accounting standards.
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a joint
Dry docking venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not
Major dry docking is capitalised when incurred and is depreciated over the period until the next major dry dock which is normally control or joint control over those policies.
60 months The considerations made in determining significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control
Capital work in progress over subsidiaries.
Capital work in progress is included in property, plant and equipment at cost, on the basis of the percentage completed at the The Group’s investments in its joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method from the date on which
reporting date. The capital work in progress is transferred to the appropriate asset category and depreciated in accordance with they become an associate or joint venture. On acquisition, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of
the Group’s policies when construction of the asset is completed and the asset is commissioned. the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of
the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the
The costs of capital work in progress will be transferred to property, plant and equipment when these assets reach their working
investment, after reassessment, is recognised in profit or loss in the period which the investment is acquired.
condition for their intended use. The carrying amounts of capital work-in-progress are reviewed for impairment when events
or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. If any such indication exists and where the Under the equity method, the investment is initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the carrying amount
carrying amounts exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are immediately written down to their Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income, including changes in the net assets such as declaration of
recoverable amount. dividends, until the date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.
124 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 125

===== PAGE 65 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Investment in joint ventures and associates (Cont.) Leases (Cont.)
The profit or loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the associate or joint venture. Any change in OCI of Group as a lessor
those investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the
The Group subleases certain assets including land and vessels under head leases with lease terms exceeding 12 months at
equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of
commencement. The Group has classified the subleases as finance leases or operating leases by reference to the right-of-use
changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate or joint venture
asset arising from the head lease. The lease value is capitalised using discounted cash flows and a corresponding lease liability is
are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture.
recognised.
The consolidated financial statements of the associate or joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group.
i) Right-of-use assets
When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available
After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on its
for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
investment in its associate or joint venture. At each reporting date, the requirements of IAS 36 are applied to determine whether it
any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial
is necessary to recognise any impairment loss with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate or joint venture. The Group
direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-
determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired. If there is such
of-use assets are subject to impairment. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the
evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or
end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
joint venture and its carrying value. Any impairment loss is allocated to the investment, including goodwill that forms part of the
useful life and the lease term which is as follows:
carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent
Useful life
that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases. After impairment, the carrying amount of the investment
is reduced, and subsequent share of profit/loss is based on the revised carrying amount. Land – Main Mussafah base 19 years
Land – ZMI Mussafah base 30 years
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises
Land – KIZAD 25 years
any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss
Vessels 1.5-5 years
of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in
profit or loss.
ii) Lease liabilities
Intangible assets
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments
Intangible assets acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any.
to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any
Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives are reviewed at
lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under
the end of each annual reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be
Intangible assets mainly include computer systems, software and licenses with an estimated useful life of up to 4 years.
exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
Leases option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expense in the
period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the
lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a change in the
Group as a lessee
lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-
Vessel lease contracts
value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use
the underlying assets. For the vessel lease contracts fulfilling the capitalization criteria defined by IFRS 16, the lease term corresponds to the duration
of the contracts signed except in cases where the Group is reasonably certain of exercising the renewal options contractually
Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options – Group as lessee
foreseen. Vessel lease contracts concluded by the Group do not include guaranteed value clauses for leased assets.
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option
Real-estate lease contracts
to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is
reasonably certain not to be exercised. Based on its analysis, the Group has identified lease contracts according to IFRS 16 concerning surface areas rented in its base
in Mussafah and lease contracts on office and other buildings.
The lease term corresponds to the non-cancellable period which is estimated to be the term until the Group’s sublease contracts
are effective. The discount rate used to calculate the lease liabilities is determined, for each asset, according to the incremental
borrowing rate at the commencement date. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate that the lessee would pay to borrow the
required funds to purchase the asset over a similar term, with a similar security and in a similar economic environment. This rate is
achieved by the addition of the interest rate prevalent in the market (EIBOR) or interest rate on government bonds and the credit
spread, as the case may be. The coupon on government bonds is specific to the location, currency, period and maturity. The
definition of the spread curve is based upon reference points, each point consisting of asset financing on assets.
126 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 127

===== PAGE 66 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Leases (Cont.) Financial assets
Types of non-capitalized lease contracts Classification and measurement
The Group uses the two exemptions foreseen by the standard allowing for non-recognition in the statement of financial position: The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics
short-term lease contracts and lease contracts for which the underlying assets have a low value and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant
financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of property and equipment (i.e., those measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15.
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Within
Debt financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), amortised cost, or fair
the Group, short term property leases mainly relate to leases of:
value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The classification is based on two criteria: the Group’s business model
• Land at operation sites with a reciprocal notice-period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no penalties associated with for managing the assets; and whether the instruments’ contractual cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal and
non-renewal in these leases; interest’ on the principal amount outstanding (the ‘SPPI criterion’). The most relevant classification for the Group is the financial
instruments carried at amortised cost.
• Office and warehouse space lease with a notice-period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no renewal rights that
extend the lease beyond 12 months; The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
• Accommodations for expatriates with a notice period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no renewal rights that extend • The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual
the lease beyond 12 months. cash flows; and
It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered of low value. • The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
Lease payments on short- term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over interest on the principal amount outstanding
the lease term.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to
Inventories impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the asset is
derecognised, modified or impaired.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and are held for consumption in the vessels. Inventories
consist of bunkers, lubes, raw materials, finished goods and spare parts. Cost of lubes, raw materials, finished goods and spare The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost primarily includes trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
parts are determined using the weighted average method. Cost of fuel is determined based on the last purchase price. Net sublease receivables and due from related parties.
realisable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on disposal.
Impairment of financial assets
Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables and due from related parties. The
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset respective financial instrument.
is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset
initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months
belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, assets are also allocated to individual cash-
(a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and
a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the
consistent allocation basis can be identified.
default (a lifetime ECL).
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future
For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes
cash flows are discounted to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a
of money and the risks specific to the asset.
provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying and the economic environment.
amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
The Group considers a financial asset in default when it is 180 days past due. This extended threshold reflects the Group’s
that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A
long-established settlement practices and the nature of certain counterparties, such as government entities, which often
reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
operate with longer payment cycles. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default
when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in
full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no
reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
128 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 129

===== PAGE 67 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Financial instruments - recognition, de-recognition and offsetting Provisions (Cont.)
A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the Provisions for decommissioning and restoration costs, which arise principally in connection with lease of land and facilities, is
instrument. All “regular way” purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date (i.e. the date that the Group estimated at current prices and in accordance with local conditions and requirements and an equivalent amount is included
commits to purchase or sell the asset). Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require in the respective class of asset in property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset. The present value is calculated using
delivery of assets within the time frame generally established by regulation or convention in the market place. amounts discounted over the lease period. The liability is recognised (together with a corresponding amount as part of the
related property, plant and equipment or right-of-use assets) once an obligation crystallizes in the period when a reasonable
A financial asset (or where applicable a part of a financial asset or a part of group of financial assets) is de-recognised
estimate can be made. The effects of changes resulting from revisions to the timing or the amount of the original estimate of the
either when:
provision are reflected on a prospective basis, generally by adjustment to the carrying amount of the related property, plant and
(i) the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; equipment and right-of-use asset. However, where there is no related asset, or the change reduces the carrying amount to nil, the
effect, or the amount in excess of the reduction in the related asset to nil, is recognised in the profit or loss.
(ii) the Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full without
material delay to a third party under a ‘pass through’ arrangement; or Taxation
(iii) the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has transferred substantially all the The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income, based on the
risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to
but has transferred control of the asset. temporary differences and to unused tax losses. The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted
or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Group and its subsidiaries and associates
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms or the terms of an in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will
existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected
and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the profit or loss. value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty. Current tax is recognised
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position when
comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the
equity, respectively.
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Tax comprises an estimate of current and deferred income tax as well as adjustments to previous years taxes. Income tax is a
The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.
tax on taxable profits, and consists of corporation tax, withholding tax of dividends, etc. Tax is recognised in the consolidated
Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the case of borrowings, at fair value of the consideration received statement of comprehensive income to the extent that it arises from items recognised in the consolidated statement of
less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. comprehensive income, including tax on gains on intra-group transactions that have been eliminated in the consolidation. In
addition, no deferred tax is recognised for undistributed earnings in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates when ADNOC
The Group’s financial liabilities include shareholder loan, due to related parties, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, loans
Logistics & Services plc controls the timing of dividends. No taxable dividends are currently expected. A deferred tax asset is
and other borrowings and other liabilities.
recognised to the extent that it is probable that it can be utilised within a foreseeable future.
Cash and cash equivalents
On 9 December 2022 UAE Federal Decree-Law no 47 of 2022 was published setting in place a general corporate income tax
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and at banks, current accounts and bank deposits with original maturities of for the first time. The profit threshold of AED 375,000 (USD 102,110) at which the 9% tax will apply was set in place by Cabinet
three months or less. Decision No 116 of 2022 which was published on 16 January 2023 and at this point the tax law was considered enacted for
accounting purposes.
Provisions
Income taxes
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. As disclosed in note 30, the UAE Corporate Income Tax Law was enacted in 2024. The Group has recognized current taxes in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the movement in the deferred tax balances as at 31 December 2025 in
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation at the end of
the consolidated statement of financial position.
the reporting period, using a rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
the obligation. When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a
third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of
receivable can be measured reliably.
130 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 131

===== PAGE 68 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Taxation (Cont.) Employees’ end of service benefits (Cont.)
Current income tax The Group recognises the following changes in the employees’ end of service benefits:
Income taxes have been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with legislation enacted by the end • Service costs comprising current service costs
of the year.
• Interest expense
Taxable profits or losses are based on estimates if the consolidated financial statements are authorised prior to filing relevant tax
With respect to UAE national employees, contributions are made to Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits Fund,
returns. Taxes that are not based on income are recognized within operating expenses, such as withholding taxes.
calculated in accordance with the Fund’s regulations. With respect to GCC national employees, the contributions are made to the
Deferred tax pension funds or agencies of their respective countries.
Deferred income tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method for tax loss carry forwards and temporary differences The provision relating to annual leave, leave passage and pension contribution is considered as a current liability, while that
arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. In accordance relating to end of service benefits is disclosed as a non-current liability.
with the initial recognition exemption, deferred taxes are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of an
Foreign currencies
asset or a liability in a transaction other than a business combination if the transaction, when initially recorded, affects neither
accounting nor taxable profit and at the time of the transaction, does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate on the date of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities
temporary differences. denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. All differences are taken
to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
Deferred tax liabilities are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of goodwill, and subsequently for goodwill
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions.
which is not deductible for tax purposes. Deferred taxes are recorded on temporary differences arising after initial recognition
of goodwill, including those arising on initial introduction of the tax law in the UAE. Deferred tax balances are measured at tax Value added tax (“VAT”)
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, which are expected to apply to the period when the
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of VAT, except:
temporary differences will reverse or the tax loss carry forwards will be utilised.
• When the VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case, the
Deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards are recorded only to the extent that it is
VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as applicable
probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient future taxable profit available against which
the deductions can be utilised. • When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included. The net amount of VAT recoverable from, or
payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the consolidated statement of
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against
financial position.
current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a Fair value measurement
net basis.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
The Group controls the reversal of temporary differences relating to taxes chargeable on dividends from subsidiaries and joint participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the
ventures or on gains upon their disposal. The Group does not recognise deferred tax liabilities on such temporary differences asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
except to the extent that management expects the temporary differences to reverse in the foreseeable future.
• In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
Employees’ end of service benefits
• In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
The Group operates an un-funded post-employment benefit plan (employees’ end of service benefits) for its expatriate
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
employees in the UAE, in accordance with the Group policy and UAE Labour Law. The entitlement to these benefits is based
upon the employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service period. Payment for The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
employees’ end of service benefits is made when an employee leaves, resigns or completes his service. asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
The cost of providing benefits under the post-employment benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method.
Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of
financial position with a corresponding debit or credit in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
Re-measurements are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in subsequent periods.
Interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the defined benefit liability. The rate used to discount the end of service
benefit obligation is determined by reference to market yields at the consolidated statement of financial position date on high
quality corporate bonds. The current and non-current portions of the provision relating to employees’ end of service benefits are
separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position.
132 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 133

===== PAGE 69 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Fair value measurement (Cont.) Earnings per share
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing
by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
and best use. outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to
comprise convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any.
measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
Segment reporting
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
measurement as a whole: incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s other components, whose
operating results are reviewed regularly by the Group’s Board of Directors (being the chief operating decision maker) to make
• Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
decisions about resources allocated to each segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is
• Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or available. The CODM assesses the financial performance and position of the operating segments and makes strategic decisions
indirectly observable based on a measure of revenue and costs. Refer to Note 28 for further details.
• Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable
3.1 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
While applying the accounting policies as stated in note 3, the management of the Group has made certain estimates and
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input
assumptions that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
historical experience and other factors that are relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Contingencies
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the consolidated financial statements. They are disclosed unless the possibility of an in the period of the revision in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote. and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Contingent assets are not recognised in the consolidated financial statements but disclosed when an inflow of economic Management has assessed all areas involving material accounting judgements and estimates. The Group has no material
benefits is probable. estimation uncertainties requiring sensitivity disclosures. The matters relevant to these financial statements relate only to
material accounting judgements, and any reasonably possible changes in the underlying assumptions are not expected to have a
Current versus non-current classification
material impact on the Group’s consolidated results. Management will continue to monitor these areas and will provide sensitivity
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on current/non-current disclosures in future periods should they become material.
classification. An asset is current when it is:
Measurement of ECL
• Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and due from related parties and to record IFRS 9
• Held primarily for the purpose of trading provisions thereon. The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. At every reporting date,
the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.
• Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period or
The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit
• Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the
loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future.
reporting period.
For due from related parties’ balances, probability of default (PD) is determined to be immaterial based on ADNOC’s rating by
All other assets are classified as non-current.
Fitch as at 31 December 2025. Fitch Ratings has given ADNOC Group a standalone credit rating of AA+ and a long-term issuer
A liability is current when:
default rating of AA with a stable outlook, in line with the sovereign rating of Abu Dhabi.
• It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle
However, on a conservative basis, the Group records provisions for expected credit losses on due from related parties in
• It is held primarily for the purpose of trading accordance with IFRS 9 requirements. The Group utilizes provisioning of 33.3% and 100% against balances overdue above 365
days and 730 days respectively in accordance with the Group accounting policies.
• It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period or
Historical analysis of aging data:
• It does not have the right at the end of the reporting period to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after
the reporting period. Aging data from December 2023 to December 2025 has been used for this analysis. For the purpose of the historical analysis,
management has defined 180 days past due as default. Furthermore, and in accordance with IFRS 9, Management has chosen
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
to segment the customer base into third party and intercompany debtors.
The probability of default (PD) for the various age buckets has been calculated by assessing the flow rate of debit balances into
subsequent age buckets, and ultimately into the default age bucket (according to the definition of default discussed above).
The loss given default (LGD) has been calculated by analysing the recovery/collections of defaulted balances.
134 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 135

===== PAGE 70 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
3.1 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Cont.) 3.1 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Cont.)
Measurement of ECL (continued) Measurement of ECL (continued)
Forward-looking macroeconomic factors: Determining the lease classification – Group as lessor
IFRS 9 requires a forward-looking macroeconomic adjustment applied to the historical loss rate. To incorporate this element, the The Group has entered into several lease arrangements in respect of land and vessels as a lessor. The Group has determined,
Group has identified the UAE’s GDP of 5.1% (2024: 5.1%) to be the most relevant factor and accordingly adjusts the historical based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term either constituting a major part
loss rate based on expected changes in this factor. of the economic life of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments either amounting to substantially
all of the fair value of the leased asset, that either it retains substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of leased
The provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables has been calculated using a simplified approach, requiring the
asset and accounts for the contracts as operating leases or finance leases accordingly.
computation of lifetime expected credit losses. Refer to Note 17 for details.
Hybrid equity instrument
At the consolidated statement of financial position date, gross trade receivables were USD 372,821 thousand (2024: USD
169,384 thousand), and the provision for expected credit losses was USD 13,170 thousand (2024: USD 3,154 thousand). An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.
Any difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected will be recognised in the Hybrid equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. The Group has
consolidated statement of comprehensive income. issued a perpetual hybrid equity instrument with no mandatory interest payment requirement, with the repayment of the amount
being entirely at the Group’s discretion. Management has assessed that the covenants and put option events are all within the
At the consolidated statement of financial position date, gross amount due from related parties were USD 678,666 thousand
control of the Group based on reasonable actions to be undertaken. On this basis, no liability is recognised and the instrument
(2024: USD 867,549 thousand), and the provision for expected credit loss was USD 2,283 thousand (2024: USD 3,139 thousand).
has been recognised as equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of equity
Any difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected will be recognised in the
instruments issued by the Group.
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Consolidation of subsidiaries
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
The Group evaluates all the investee entities to determine whether it controls the investee as per the criteria set out in IFRS
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets based on
10 ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. The Group evaluate, amongst other things, its ownership interest, the contractual
the intended use of the assets and the expected economic lives of those assets. Subsequent changes in circumstances such as
arrangements in place and its ability and the extent of its involvement with the relevant activities of the investee entities to
technological advances or prospective utilisation of the assets concerned could result in the actual useful lives or residual values
determine whether it controls the investee. Management has concluded that the Group does not control Integr8 Fuels Holding
differing from the initial estimates.
Inc, which is 100% owned by the Group subsidiary Navig8 TopCo Holdings Inc. This is based on the governance structure over
This estimate is determined after considering the current usage of the asset compared to full utilisation capabilities of the asset Integr8 Fuels Holding Inc set out under the shareholders’ agreement. In accordance with the shareholders’ agreement, the Group
and physical wear and tear, technical or commercial obsolescence and other limits on the use of the asset. Management reviews and the non-controlling shareholder of Navig8 Topco are required to make all decisions over relevant activities of Integr8 Fuels
the residual value and useful lives annually and the future depreciation charge would be adjusted where management believes Holding Inc jointly through the Board of Directors of Integr8 Fuels Holding Inc and share the exposure from their involvement
that the useful lives differ from previous estimates. with the investee. Accordingly, the investment in Integr8 Fuels Holding Inc is accounted for as a joint venture under the equity
accounting method in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Impairment of property, plant and equipment
The Group determines whether property, plant and equipment are impaired when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an indicator of impairment exists, the Group determines the value in use
of the cash generating units, where an indicator has been identified. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an
estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash generating units and also choose a suitable discount rate in order to
calculate the present value of those cash flows. Management did not identify any impairment indicators in the current or prior
year for property, plant and equipment.
Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options – Group as lessee
The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in
evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it
considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the
commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is
within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction
of significant leasehold improvements or significant customisation to the leased asset). On this basis the management has
determined their best estimate of the lease term for each lease. The lease period determined will be reassessed at each
reporting period.
136 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 137

===== PAGE 71 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
4 REVENUES 6 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
2025 2024
Disaggregation of revenue USD’000 USD’000
The Group derives its revenue from contracts with customers for the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in Staff costs (note 8) 121,363 71,817
time in the following major product lines. ADNOC HQ – centralized services 26,359 29,551
2025 2024 Consultancy fees 11,719 9,139
Segments USD’000 USD’000 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (note 11) 6,697 4,151
Freight/voyage charter income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 1,404,709 838,284 Amortisation of intangible assets (note 13) 5,086 5,207
Offshore vessels charter income Integrated Logistics & Services 703,915 495,527 Office rent 2,784 3,657
Base operation services Integrated Logistics 644,803 547,409 Audit & other assurance fees* 2,185 1,784
EPC contracts income Integrated Logistics 531,333 619,930 Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 12) 2,138 110
Operating lease income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 1,057,235 366,790 Others* 26,652 16,106
Petroleum port operations Integrated Logistics & Services 245,806 233,826 204,983 141,522
Sales of bunkering fuel & water Integrated Logistics 213,475 243,433
* Audit & other assurance fees above include auditors’ remuneration as follows:
Onshore services income Integrated Logistics & Services 131,452 130,313
Ship management income Shipping 50,332 53,122 Audit of financial statements 1,620 794
Commission income Services 29,990 - Other assurance services - 248
Drilling chemicals Integrated Logistics 3,062 20,696 Non-assurance services required to be performed by the auditor
609 400
5,016,112 3,549,330 according to applicable laws and regulations
Other non-assurance services - 400
2025 2024
7 OTHER INCOME
Timing of revenue Segments USD’000 USD’000 2025 2024
Goods transferred at a point in time Integrated Logistics 267,508 320,798 USD’000 USD’000
Operating lease income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 1,057,235 366,790 Bareboat termination fees 17,862 -
Services rendered over time Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 3,691,369 2,861,742 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 11,382 1,677
5,016,112 3,549,330 Gain on financial assets – net 2,923 -
Profit on initial recognition of sub-lease receivables (note 12) 140 -
Liquidated damages income 85 3,870
Others 18,067 14,349
5 DIRECT COSTS
2025 2024 50,459 19,896
USD’000 USD’000
Freight and voyage charter costs 1,190,790 416,487
Bunker and other consumption 1,164,961 1,159,446 8 STAFF COSTS
Staff costs (note 8) 597,226 536,067 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (note 11) 378,790 262,056
Port charges 174,920 65,714 Salaries & benefits (direct hire and sub-contracted) 711,315 600,662
Employees’ end of service benefits (note 22) 7,274 7,222
Other operating costs 116,219 66,015
718,589 607,884
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 12) 114,966 38,952
Ship technical management costs 92,773 - Analyzed as:
Repairs and maintenance 60,459 57,184 Direct costs (note 5) 597,226 536,067
Amortization of intangibles (note 13) 11,696 1,604 General and administrative expenses (note 6) 121,363 71,817
Depreciation on investment properties (note 14) 5,436 5,259 718,589 607,884
3,908,236 2,608,784
The number of employees in the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 is as follows:
Direct hire 7,022 2,112
Agency hire 222 240
7,244 2,352
Staff costs also include cost of crew on vessels. The headcount of the crew on vessels (other than those on company payroll)
and outsourced manpower are not included within the number of employees disclosed above.
138 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 139

===== PAGE 72 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
9 FINANCE INCOME 11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont.)
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 Furniture,
Vessels Equipment fixtures Capital
Interest income from banks 14,333 8,385
and marine and and office work in
Interest income from ADNOC HQ (AGTS) 3,524 5,414 Buildings equipment Plant vehicles equipment progress Total
Interest income on sub-leases (finance leases) (note 12) 1,102 1,795 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
18,959 15,594 2024
Cost:
At 1 January 2024 129,178 4,106,213 5,391 70,780 32,021 204,963 4,548,546
10 FINANCE COSTS
Additions - 52,094 - 1,935 1,859 957,127 1,013,015
2025 2024
Disposals (42) (10,997) (86) (3,333) (1,124) - (15,582)
USD’000 USD’000
Transfer to intangible assets (note 13) - - - - - (6,450) (6,450)
Interest on loans and other borrowings 45,245 -
Transfer to investment properties (note 14) - - - - - (2,491) (2,491)
Upfront fees on loans and other borrowings written off (note 32) 4,252 -
Transfer from capital work in progress 2,825 526,920 - 27,884 2,525 (560,154) -
Amortisation of upfront fees on loans and other borrowings (note 32) 1,857 -
At 31 December 2024 131,961 4,674,230 5,305 97,266 35,281 592,995 5,537,038
Interest on shareholder loan (note 24) 16,183 -
Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 12) 12,719 9,831 Accumulated depreciation:
Commitment fee on shareholder loan facilities (note 24) 2,803 3,641 At 1 January 2024 79,498 602,552 5,320 37,843 16,790 - 742,003
Amortisation of upfront fee on shareholder loans (note 24) 1,816 1,885 Charge for the year 5,470 245,814 18 9,327 5,578 - 266,207
Interest expense on end of service benefits (note 22) 1,705 1,633 Disposals (35) (10,636) (86) (3,310) (440) - (14,507)
Interest expense on pension cost - 1,043 At 31 December 2024 84,933 837,730 5,252 43,860 21,928 - 993,703
Others 563 1
Net book value:
87,143 18,034
At 31 December 2024 47,028 3,836,500 53 53,406 13,353 592,995 4,543,335
Net book value of vessels and marine equipment earning operating lease income are as set out below:
11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Vessels Furniture, Total
and Equipment fixtures Capital USD’000
marine and and office work in
31 December 2025 5,946,588*
Buildings equipment Plant vehicles equipment progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 31 December 2024 3,641,991*
2025
Cost: * Movement in assets under operating lease included additions of USD 1,051,952 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 473,960
At 1 January 2025 131,961 4,674,230 5,305 97,266 35,281 592,995 5,537,038 thousand), additions arising from business acquisitions of USD 1,655,013 thousand (31 December 2024: nil), disposals with a
Additions - 66,389 - 351 4,112 1,064,657 1,135,509 net book value of USD 66,034 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 361 thousand), and depreciation charged of USD 336,335
thousand (31 December 2024: USD 231,536 thousand).
Additions on business acquisition 3,509 1,655,013 - - 3,037 - 1,661,559
(notes 34A and 34B) As at 31 December 2025, capital work in progress includes both vessels and projects under construction. During construction,
Disposals - (153,397) - (288) (464) - (154,149) projects are recorded under capital work-in-progress and then transferred to the respective asset classes including
Write-offs - (6,832) - (872) (21) - (7,725) intangible assets.
Transfer to intangible assets (note 13) - - - - - (2,457) (2,457)
Capital work in progress additions include interest incurred during the construction of the vessels capitalized amounting to
Transfer to investment properties (note 14) - - - - - (2,089) (2,089)
USD 21,756 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 10,491). The borrowing costs capitalised during the year were determined by
Transfer from capital work in progress 13,273 1,044,536 - 18,179 4,502 (1,080,490) -
applying a capitalisation rate based on the Group’s general borrowing facilities, which bear interest at 1-month SOFR plus 0.95%
At 31 December 2025 148,743 7,279,939 5,305 114,636 46,447 572,616 8,167,686 (31 December 2024: 1-month SOFR plus 0.85%).
Accumulated depreciation: Depreciation has been allocated in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:
At 1 January 2025 84,933 837,730 5,252 43,860 21,928 - 993,703
2025 2024
Charge for the year 6,235 360,514 12 11,385 7,341 - 385,487
USD’000 USD’000
Disposals - (87,363) - (249) (345) - (87,957)
Direct costs (note 5) 378,790 262,056
Write-offs - (6,832) - (872) (21) - (7,725)
General and administrative expenses (note 6) 6,697 4,151
At 31 December 2025 91,168 1,104,049 5,264 54,124 28,903 - 1,283,508
385,487 266,207
Net book value:
At 31 December 2025 57,575 6,175,890 41 60,512 17,544 572,616 6,884,178
140 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 141

===== PAGE 73 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, SUB-LEASE RECEIVABLES & LEASE LIABILITIES 12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, SUB-LEASE RECEIVABLES & LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont.)
Set out below, are the carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, sub-lease receivables and lease liabilities and the B. In respect of sub-lease:
movements during the year:
Land sub- Vessels
A. In respect of head-lease: lease sub-lease
receivables receivables Total
Office USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
premises As at 1 January 2025 11,380 17,821 29,201
Land right-of- right-of-use Vessels right-
use assets assets of-use assets Total Additions - 3,372 3,372
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Profit on initial recognition of sub-lease - 140 140
As at 1 January 2025 48,447 - 113,244 161,691 Interest income 752 350 1,102
Additions - 711 95,707 96,418 Payments received (1,444) (16,583) (18,027)
Additions on business acquisition (note 34A) - 5,202 79,086 84,288 As at 31 December 2025 10,688 5,100 15,788
Lease modification (27) - - (27)
As at 1 January 2024 12,022 36,565 48,587
Disposals - 26 - 26
Interest income 801 994 1,795
Depreciation expense (2,981) (1,940) (112,183) (117,104)
Payments received (1,443) (19,738) (21,181)
As at 31 December 2025 45,439 3,999 175,854 225,292 As at 31 December 2024 11,380 17,821 29,201
As at 1 January 2024 51,442 - 96,704 148,146
Additions - - 52,607 52,607
Depreciation expense (2,995) - (36,067) (39,062)
Land sub- Vessels sub-
As at 31 December 2024 48,447 - 113,244 161,691 lease liabilities lease liabilities Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
As at 1 January 2025 2,222 16,805 19,027
Additions - 3,372 3,372
Office
premises Interest expense 142 339 481
Land lease Vessels lease Payments (277) (15,540) (15,817)
lease liabilities liabilities liabilities Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 As at 31 December 2025 2,087 4,976 7,063
As at 1 January 2025 53,897 - 116,377 170,274 As at 1 January 2024 2,348 33,563 35,911
Additions - 711 95,707 96,418 Additions 151 922 1,073
Liabilities acquired on business acquisition (note 34A) - 5,910 37,705 43,615 Payments (277) (17,680) (17,957)
Lease modification (27) - - (27) As at 31 December 2024 2,222 16,805 19,027
Interest expense 3,549 378 8,311 12,238
Payments (5,414) (2,295) (98,719) (106,428)
As at 31 December 2025 52,005 4,704 159,381 216,090
As at 1 January 2024 55,644 - 97,999 153,643
Additions - - 52,607 52,607
Interest expense 3,749 - 5,009 8,758
Payments (5,496) - (39,238) (44,734)
As at 31 December 2024 53,897 - 116,377 170,274
142 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 143

===== PAGE 74 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, SUB-LEASE RECEIVABLES & LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont.) 12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, SUB-LEASE RECEIVABLES & LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont.)
B. In respect of sub-lease (Cont): B. In respect of sub-lease (Cont):
Depreciation has been allocated in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows: Lease liabilities as of 31 December can be further analysed as follows:
Non-
2025 2024 Non- Non- current
USD’000 USD’000 Current current current 5 years
31 December 2025 portion portion Total 1-5 years and above
Direct costs (note 5) 114,966 38,952
General and administrative expenses (note 6) 2,138 110 ADNOC HQ 1,566 26,919 28,485 7,487 19,432
Total related party balances 1,566 26,919 28,485 7,487 19,432
117,104 39,062
Third parties 80,437 114,231 194,668 92,065 22,166
Total 82,003 141,150 223,153 99,552 41,598
Sub-lease receivables are analysed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
31 December 2024
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 ADNOC HQ 1,517 28,485 30,002 6,978 21,507
Current portion 4,639 16,359 Total related party balances 1,517 28,485 30,002 6,978 21,507
Non-current portion 11,149 12,842 Third parties 57,613 101,686 159,299 79,751 21,935
15,788 29,201 Total 59,130 130,171 189,301 86,729 43,442
Sub-lease receivables as of 31 December can be further analysed as follows: The table below indicates rental expenses resulting from lease and service contracts which are recognised in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income:
Non-
Non- Non- current
2025 2024
Current current current 5 years
USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2025 portion portion Total 1-5 years and above
Short term rents 6,043 6,964
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Ltd 2,153 - 2,153 - -
ADNOC Offshore 1,745 1,201 2,946 1,201 -
Total related party balances 3,898 1,201 5,099 1,201 - The movement in provision for dismantling liabilities on leased land is as follows:
Third parties 741 9,948 10,689 3,545 6,403
2025 2024
Total 4,639 11,149 15,788 4,746 6,403 USD’000 USD’000
As at 1 January 2,009 1,873
31 December 2024 Accretion during the year 145 136
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Ltd 14,299 2,153 16,452 2,153 - As at 31 December 2,154 2,009
ADNOC Offshore 1,369 - 1,369 - -
Total related party balances 15,668 2,153 17,821 2,153 -
Third parties 691 10,689 11,380 3,304 7,385
Total 16,359 12,842 29,201 5,457 7,385
Lease liabilities as of 31 December are analysed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows:
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Relating to head-lease (in respect of right-of-use assets) 216,090 170,274
Relating to sub-lease receivables (in respect of liabilities for sub-leased assets) 7,063 19,027
223,153 189,301
Current portion 82,003 59,130
Non-current portion 141,150 130,171
223,153 189,301
144 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 145

===== PAGE 75 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
13 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Cont.)
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 Investment properties comprise of buildings owned by the Group which are rented to tenants under operating lease
Cost: arrangements. The fair valuation of the completed properties was carried out as at 31 December 2025 by management using
At 1 January 38,202 31,756 the discounted cash flow method of valuation, using assumptions such as annual growth rate and discount rate. The fair value
Additions 54 - was assessed at USD 104 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: USD 110 million).
Additions on business acquisition (note 34A) 22,631 - In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the property is considered as their current use. The
Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 11) 2,457 6,450 inputs used in the valuation are not based on observable market data and thus the valuation techniques were considered to be
Disposals (53) (4) Level 3 valuation.
At 31 December 63,291 38,202
The investment properties earn revenue and incur costs as below:
2025 2024
Accumulated amortisation:
USD’000 USD’000
At 1 January 27,124 20,316 Rental income included under operating lease income 13,524 12,173
Charge for the year 16,782 6,811 Direct costs excluding depreciation 1,052 1,182
Disposals (49) (3)
At 31 December 43,857 27,124
15 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
Net book value:
Details of the Group’s investment in joint ventures as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 is as follows:
At 31 December 19,434 11,078
Effective percentage
Intangible assets comprise the cost of acquired enterprise computer systems, software and licenses. Intangible assets acquired holding 31 December
on business combination comprise software and customer relationships. Joint ventures Country of incorporation 2025 2024
Integr8 Fuels Holdings Inc* Marshall Islands 80% -
Depreciation has been allocated in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:
AW Shipping Limited UAE 50% 50%
2025 2024
Suntech Maritime Pte Ltd.* Singapore 40% -
USD’000 USD’000
Suntech Crew Mgt Pvt Ltd* India 40% -
Direct costs (note 5) 11,696 1,604
General and administrative expenses (note 6) 5,086 5,207 * These joint ventures were acquired during the year through the acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc.
16,782 6,811
The movement in the carrying value of investment in joint ventures is summarised below:
2025 2024
14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES USD’000 USD’000
As at 1 January 267,775 76,712
2025 2024
Additions on business acquisition (note 34A) 160,267 -
USD’000 USD’000
Investment during the year* 85,590 176,865
Cost:
Share of profit for the year 28,946 14,198
At 1 January 158,516 156,025
Dividend received (767) -
Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 11) 2,089 2,491
As at 31 December 541,811 267,775
At 31 December 160,605 158,516
*Investments made during the year principally relate to the Group’s share of instalments paid toward vessels being acquired or
Accumulated amortisation: constructed by AW Shipping Limited.
At 1 January 66,015 60,756
Charge for the year 5,436 5,259
At 31 December 71,451 66,015
Net book value:
At 31 December 89,154 92,501
146 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 147

===== PAGE 76 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
15 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont.) 15 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont.)
Details of the Group’s investment in associates as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 is as follows. The amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position are analysed as follows:
Effective percentage 2025 2024
holding 31 December USD’000 USD’000
Investment in joint ventures 541,811 267,775
Associates* Country of incorporation 2025 2024
Investment in associates 35,958 -
TB Marine Shipmanagement GmbH & Co. KG Germany 40% -
TB Marine Cont Shipmanagement GmbH & Co. Germany 40% - Total 577,769 267,775
DUNA Marine Shipmanagement Latvia 21% -
Cassiopeia Shipmanagement (Cyprus) Ltd Cyprus 24% -
The assets, liabilities and results of material joint ventures and associates are summarised below:
Cassiopeia Marine Services GmbH Germany 24% -
GCC German Crew Center GmbH Germany 22% - A. AW Shipping Limited:
Clean Marine Pte Ltd Singapore 22% -
Statement of financial position:
Ridgebury Suez 2023 LLC USA 14% -
IQrew Management Ltd Cyprus 21% - 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Safe Route Marine Ltd Cyprus 40% -
Total non-current assets 981,080 732,318
Orient Maritime Agencies Pte Ltd Singapore 39% -
Total current assets 25,353 40,430
Orientace Maritime (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 22% -
Total non-current liabilities 169,587 198,353
Nakkas Denizcilik Ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi Türkiye 40% -
Total current liabilities 87,522 38,845
UD Marine Services Ltd Cyprus 17% -
Net Assets 749,324 535,550
Trade Ocean Holdings (Pty) Ltd South Africa 39% -
Proportion of company’s ownership 50% 50%
BR8 Shipping Pte Ltd Singapore 37% -
Company’s share of net assets 374,662 267,775
* These associates were acquired during the year through the acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc. Investment in the joint venture 374,662 267,775
The movement in the carrying value of investment in associates is summarised below:
Statement of comprehensive income:
2025 2024
Revenues 90,723 77,832
USD’000 USD’000
Expenses (48,097) (49,436)
As at 1 January - -
Net profit and total comprehensive income for the year 42,626 28,396
Additions on business acquisition (note 34A) 75,146 -
Proportion of company’s ownership 50% 50%
Derecognition of SWS VLCC JV LLC (35,177) -
Company’s share of profit for the period from the joint venture 21,313 14,198
Loss on previously held equity interest in an associate (3,398) -
Dividend received (8,853) -
Included in expenses above is depreciation of USD 18,397 thousand (2024: USD 15,633 thousand), finance cost of USD 12,013
Disposals (206) -
thousand (2024: USD 15,571 thousand) and finance income of USD 1,461 thousand (2024: USD nil).
Share of profit for the year 8,446 -
At 31 December 35,958 - Included in total liabilities above are loans from banks amounting to USD 199,588 thousand (2024: USD 228,577 thousand).
USD 169,587 thousand (2024: USD 198,353) was classified as non-current liability and USD 30,001 thousand (2024: USD
30,224 thousand) was classified as current liability. Included in current assets above is cash and cash equivalents of USD 20,379
thousand (2024: USD 32,801 thousand).
The amounts in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are analysed as follows:
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Share of profit for the year from joint ventures 28,946 14,198
Share of profit for the year from associates 8,446 -
Total 37,392 14,198
148 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 149

===== PAGE 77 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
15 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont.) 16 INVENTORIES
2025 2024
B. Integr8 Fuels Holdings Inc: USD’000 USD’000
Bunkers 33,702 38,052
On 7 January 2025, as part of the acquisition of Navig8 TopCo Holdings Inc. (see note 34A), the Group also obtained an 100% Lubricants 6,982 6,288
interest in Integr8 Fuels Holdings Inc. (Integr8). The effective percentage of holding is 80% while the legal percentage is 100%.
Raw materials & finished goods 10,623 10,016
Under the shareholders’ agreement, decisions relating to Integr8’s relevant activities must be made jointly by the Group and Spare parts, fuel and consumables 97,747 88,935
the non-controlling shareholder. Accordingly, the Group does not have unilateral control as defined by IFRS 10, and Integr8 is Firefighting foam and dispersant stock 405 405
therefore classified as a joint venture, accounted for using the equity method. 149,459 143,696
Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories (12,351) (11,009)
On the acquisition date, the Group recognised its investment in Integr8 at fair value, as part of the purchase price allocation,
amounting to USD 150,476 thousand. For the period from 7 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, the Group recognised its 137,108 132,687
share of Integr8’s profit under the equity method, totaling USD 7,907 thousand.
2025 2024 Inventories recognised as an expense during the year amounted to USD 573,082 thousand (2024: USD 467,778 thousand).
USD’000 USD’000 These amounts were recognized in direct costs during the year.
Statement of financial position:
Movement in the provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories is as follows:
Total non-current assets 949 -
Total current assets 258,901 - 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Total non-current liabilities 482 -
At 1 January 11,009 10,317
Total current liabilities 129,971 -
Charge during the year 1,342 692
Net Assets 129,397 -
At 31 December 12,351 11,009
Proportion of company’s ownership 100% -
Company’s share of net assets 129,397 -
Goodwill 27,404 - 17 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
Investment in the joint venture 156,801 -
2025 2024
-
USD’000 USD’000
Statement of comprehensive income:
Trade receivables 372,821 169,384
Revenues 2,288,696 -
Provision for expected credit losses (13,170) (3,154)
Expenses (2,280,789) -
Trade receivables, net 359,651 166,230
Net profit and total comprehensive income for the year 7,907 -
Other receivables* 75,527 29,681
Proportion of company’s ownership 100% -
Prepayments 19,638 21,444
Company’s share of profit for the period from the joint venture 7,907 -
Accrued revenue 287,813 131,455
Receivable from employees 16,823 16,053
Included in expenses above is depreciation of USD 278 thousand (2024: USD nil), finance cost of USD 2,035 thousand (2024:
Advances to suppliers 53,833 55,616
USD nil) and finance income of USD 3,415 thousand (2024: USD nil).
813,285 420,479
Included in current assets above is cash and cash equivalents of USD 82,399 thousand (2024: USD nil).
* Other receivables as at 31 December 2025 include USD 10,786 thousand (31 December 2024: Nil) related to receivable from
The remaining balance of joint ventures and associates are not material to the Group, individually and in aggregate.
market maker which is held at fair value through profit or loss. Refer to note 35 for further details.
150 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 151

===== PAGE 78 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
17 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont.) 19 SHARE CAPITAL
2025 2024
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses is as follows:
USD’000 USD’000
Authorised, issued and fully paid
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 7,398,498,764 ordinary shares of USD 0.54 each 3,995,189 3,995,189
At 1 January 3,154 7,302
Write off (430) (36) In the Annual General Assembly Meeting of the Shareholders held on 24 March 2025, the shareholders approved a final cash
Charge/(reversal) of provision during the year 10,446 (4,112) dividend of USD 136,500 thousand for the second half of the financial year ended 31 December 2024, equivalent to 6.78 fils per
At 31 December 13,170 3,154 share. The dividend was subsequently paid to shareholders on 16 April 2025.
On 8 October 2025, the Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of USD 162,500 thousand for the first half of 2025 for its
shareholders, equivalent to 8.07 fils per share. The dividend was paid to shareholders on 20 October 2025.
Below is the information about credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables:
On 10 November 2025, the Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of USD 81,250 thousand for the third quarter of 2025
Past due
for its shareholders, equivalent to 4.03 fils per share. The dividend was paid to shareholders on 21 November 2025.
Not past < 30 30 - 60 61 - 90 91 - 120
Total due days days days days > 120 days In total, a cash dividend of USD 380,250 thousand was distributed to shareholders in 2025 (31 December 2024: USD 266,500
USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 thousand), equivalent to 18.88 fils per share (31 December 2024: 13.23 fils per share).
Provision matrix 2025 0% 1% 1% 1% 1% 14%
Provision matrix 2024 0% 1% 1% 1% 1% 12%
20 INVESTMENT RESERVE
Gross trade receivable
On 7 January 2025, the Group completed its acquisition of an 80% stake in Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc (hereafter referred
31 December 2025 372,821 147,022 56,459 27,979 37,634 21,100 82,627
to as Navig8) through a subsidiary of ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (Compass Holdco RSC Limited) for USD 999.3 million
31 December 2024 169,384 67,844 36,584 23,950 16,531 6,692 17,783
paid in cash, with a contractual commitment to acquire the remaining 20% in mid-2027. The remaining 20% ownership will be
acquired in 2027 for a cash consideration ranging between USD 335 million and USD 450 million, dependent on Navig8’s EBITDA
Provision for expected credit losses
performance in the intervening period. As at the date of acquisition, the present value of the expected redemption amount
31 December 2025 13,170 504 344 221 259 235 11,607 amounting to USD 287.5 million has been recorded as a non-current financial liability with a corresponding investment reserve
31 December 2024 3,154 324 237 198 182 92 2,121 recorded under equity amounting to USD 287.5 million. As at 31 December 2025, management has reassessed the expected
redemption amount and not found any material adjustments required. The subsequent measurement of the liability and the
Net trade receivable corresponding investment reserve amounted to USD 298.6 million, reflecting an interest unwinding of USD 11.1 million during the
period. This amount has been recognised directly within equity, as presented in the consolidated financial statements.
31 December 2025 359,651 146,518 56,115 27,758 37,375 20,865 71,020
31 December 2024 166,230 67,520 36,347 23,752 16,349 6,600 15,662
21 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivables mentioned above. It
is not the practice of the Group to obtain a collateral over receivables balances.
Earnings per share (EPS) amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the company by the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.
2025 2024
18 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS USD’000 USD’000
Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share
2025 2024
Profit attributable to equity holders of the company 838,541 756,170
USD’000 USD’000
Weighted average number of shares (’000) 7,393,482 7,398,499
Cash in hand 2,305 1,875
Cash at banks 324,209 95,537
Term deposits* 11,280 101,507 USD USD
337,794 198,919 Earnings per share 0.11 0.10
*Term deposits included within cash and cash equivalents represent short term, highly liquid investments that are readily The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the current period has changed due to the impact of acquisition of treasury
convertible to known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, on demand and have maturity of 3 shares. There are no potential dilutive shares.
months or less.
The Group held cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions that are rated at least AA- to A based on rating agency
ratings. Accordingly, the ECL provision amount calculated by applying the general approach is considered to be immaterial. Cash
at banks include call deposit accounts that earn interest of 4.43% (2024: 4%).
152 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 153

===== PAGE 79 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
22 EMPLOYEES’ END OF SERVICE BENEFITS 22 EMPLOYEES’ END OF SERVICE BENEFITS (Cont.)
Movements in the employees’ end of service benefits provision are as follows: Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the provision for employees’ end of service benefit are discount rate,
expected salary increase and mortality. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions
constant.
At 1 January 39,515 32,631
Current service cost (note 8) 7,274 7,222 Increase/ decrease in Increase/ (decrease) in provision for
Write-back of excess provision for employees' end of service benefits (6,000) - 2025 percentage point employees’ end of service benefit USD’000
Benefits paid (4,658) (2,996) Discount rate 1% (2,313)
Benefits of employees transferred in from group companies 1,044 - -1% 2,614
Interest cost (note 10) 1,705 1,633 Expected salary growth 1% 2,726
Re-measurement losses:
-1% (2,446)
Actuarial (gains) arising from experience (61) (54)
2024
Actuarial losses arising from changes in financial assumptions - 1,079
Discount rate 1% (2,094)
At 31 December 38,819 39,515
-1% 2,365
Expected salary growth 1% 2,467
Generally, upon fulfilment of certain employment conditions, the retirement benefits are payable in lump sum upon retirement,
-1% (2,214)
which is determined based on the employee’s salary for each year of service.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation, the related current service cost and past service cost were measured using
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the provision for employees’
the projected unit credit method.
end of service benefit as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the
The principal assumptions used for the purpose of the actuarial valuations were as follows: assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the provision for employees’ end of service benefit
2025 2024
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied
Discount rate 5.00% 5.00%
in calculating the provision for employees’ end of service benefit recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Expected rate of salary increase 3.00% 3.00%
Average turnover 7.5% 7.5%
Retirement age 60 years 60 years 23 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Mortality rate table used is the SOA RP-2014 Total Dataset Mortality with Scale MP-2014. 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Amounts recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in respect of these benefits are as follows:
Trade payables 90,776 88,874
2025 2024 Accrued expenses 643,631 540,525
USD’000 USD’000 Other payables 157,025 69,427
Service cost:
Capital expenses accruals 152,164 241,262
Current service cost (note 8) 7,274 7,222
Operating lease rent received in advance 10,859 16,219
Net interest expense (note 10) 1,705 1,633
1,054,455 956,307
Components of provision for employees’ end of service benefit recognise 8,979 8,855
in comprehensive income Trade payables are interest free and are normally settled within 30 days from the date of receipt of the invoice.
Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are as follows:
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Actuarial gain/(losses) arising from the experience adjustments 61 (1,025)
154 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 155

===== PAGE 80 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS 24 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Cont.)
These represent transactions with related parties i.e., the shareholder, directors and entities related to them, companies under Balances with related parties included in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
common ownership and/or common management and control, their partners and key management personnel. Pricing policies
and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s management. 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
Due from related parties under common control:
The sales to and services from related parties are made at agreed rates with the related parties. Outstanding balances at the ADNOC Offshore 295,362 400,749
year-end are unsecured, interest free and settlement occurs in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for ADNOC (Holding Company) 165,101 198,236
any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has provision for expected credit ADNOC (Holding Company) cash pooling balance** 125,860 144,289
losses of USD 2,283 thousand (2024: USD 3,139 thousand) on amounts due from related parties. The Group’s significant Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge ADP) 36,197 74,413
balances are with entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the ADNOC. ADNOC Gas 27,338 19,508
Transactions with related parties included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows: Al Yasat 10,040 6,342
ADNOC Distribution 5,449 1,535
Nature of 2025 2024
ADNOC Drilling 4,190 4,767
transaction USD’000 USD’000
ADNOC Global Trading (AGT) 2,486 10,895
Goods sold and services provided to entities under common control
ADNOC Trading (AT) 2,465 1,189
ADNOC Offshore Services 1,054,031 929,014
ADNOC Onshore 2,307 4,709
ADNOC (Holding Company) Services 652,939 827,189
ADNOC Refining 1,605 799
ADNOC Offshore Goods 167,546 201,628
Borouge Pte - 54
Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge ADP) Services 148,434 170,323
Due from a joint venture:
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Limited Services 97,811 90,340
AW Shipping Limited 266 64
ADNOC Global Trading (AGT) Services 35,754 124,849
ADNOC Distribution Services 31,184 10,144 Total due from related parties 678,666 867,549
ADNOC Onshore Services 30,885 37,856 Less: provision for expected credit losses (2,283) (3,139)
Al Yasat JV Services 23,382 18,957 676,383 864,410
ADNOC Gas Services 20,363 25,556
** This balance is held with ADNOC (Holding Company) under cash pooling arrangement and earns interest based on rates
ADNOC Drilling Services 15,485 14,964
agreed between the parties.
ADNOC Trading (AT) Services 15,376 2,837
The movement in provision for expected credit losses on related parties’ receivables is as follows:
ADNOC Refining Services 1,185 2,477
2,294,375 2,456,134 2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Goods sold and services provided to a joint venture Balance at 1 January 3,139 4,488
AW Shipping Limited Services 1,211 1,098 (Reversal of provision)/charge for the year (856) 1,463
Good and services received from entities under common control Write off - (2,812)
ADNOC Distribution Goods 267,768 286,481 Balance at 31 December 2,283 3,139
ADNOC (Holding Company) Services 45,601 52,689
The provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties is prepared in accordance with the requirements
ADNOC Offshore Services - 2,000
of IFRS 9. The Group also utilizes provisioning of 33.3% and 100% against balances overdue above 365 days and 730 days
ADNOC Onshore Services - 22
respectively in accordance with the Group accounting policies.
ADNOC Refining Services - 8
313,369 341,200
Interest transactions
Interest received on cash pooling balances (note 9) Finance income 3,524 5,414
Interest on shareholder loan (note 10) Finance cost 16,183 -
Amortisation of upfront fee on shareholder loans (note 10) Finance cost 1,816 1,885
Commitment fee on shareholder loan facilities (note 10) Finance cost 2,803 3,641
156 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 157

===== PAGE 81 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Cont.) 24 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Cont.)
Below is the ageing of receivables from related parties: Shareholder loan from ADNOC (Holding Company) forming part of current and non-current liabilities
In 2023, the Group entered into an unsecured senior corporate term facility agreement and a revolving credit facility (“RCF”) with
Past due ADNOC, amounting to USD 1,500,000 thousand and USD 350,000 thousand, respectively. Both facilities carried a commitment
fee of 0.2125% on undrawn balances until May 2025, after which the fee was increased to 0.2375%.
Not past < 30 30 - 60 61 - 90 91 - 120 121 - 365 366 -730 >730
Total due days days days days days days days
During the year, the Group undertook several significant financing activities. The unsecured revolving credit facility (RCF) limit was
USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000
increased to USD 1,850,000 thousand. The Group drew down USD 950,000 thousand from the senior corporate term facility and
subsequently repaid the full outstanding balance of USD 1,500,000 thousand using USD 1,290,000 thousand sourced from a
Gross receivables from related parties
hybrid equity instrument and available cash, with the remaining USD 210,000 thousand converted into the shareholder RCF. By
31 December 2025 678,666 617,345 38,744 3,113 3,077 3,417 2,731 3,125 7,114 the end of year, the senior corporate term facility was fully settled (31 December 2024: USD 550,000 thousand).
31 December 2024 867,549 528,184 201,085 97,988 31,413 - 3,366 3,561 1,952
Furthermore, during the year, the Group drew a total of USD 715,000 thousand under its Revolving Credit Facility. This comprised
drawdowns of USD 332,000 thousand in the first quarter, USD 125,000 thousand in the second quarter, USD 83,000 thousand in
Provision for expected credit losses
the third quarter, and USD 175,000 thousand in the fourth quarter. These drawdowns were partially offset by a repayment of USD
31 December 2025 2,283 - - - - - - - 2,283
525,000 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2025.
31 December 2024 3,139 - - - - - - 1,187 1,952
As a result of these transactions, the closing balance of the unsecured revolving credit facility stood at USD 400,000 thousand
as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: USD nil). This revolving credit facility is classified as a current liability.
Net receivable from related parties
31 December 2025 676,383 617,345 38,744 3,113 3,077 3,417 2,731 3,125 4,831 The Group incurred commitment fees totaling USD 2,803 thousand related to these facilities during the year (31 December
31 December 2024 864,410 528,184 201,085 97,988 31,413 - 3,366 2,374 - 2024: USD 3,641 thousand).
The interest related to this loan can be summarised as follows:
• Finance costs of USD 16,183 thousand (31 December 2024: nil) recognised in the consolidated statement of
2025 2024 comprehensive income.
USD’000 USD’000
• Borrowing costs of USD 21,756 thousand (31 December 2024: 10,491 thousand) capitalised within capital work in progress for
Due to related parties under common control:
vessels under construction (note 11).
ADNOC (Holding Company)** 142,925 178,216
ADNOC Distribution 63,990 74,252 All interest amounts are calculated at 1-month SOFR plus 0.95% (31 December 2024: 1-month SOFR plus 0.85%).
ADNOC Global Trading (AGT) 9,526 7,798
Movement in shareholder loans can be summarized as follows:
ADNOC Trading (AT) 5,291 -
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Limited 2,132 4,053 Revolving
Term facility credit facility Total
ADNOC Refining 1,286 1,107
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
ADNOC Offshore 517 2,674
Balance as at 1 January 2025 550,000 - 550,000
Al Yasat 90 90
Draw down from the term facility 950,000 - 950,000
ADNOC Sour Gas (Al Hosn Gas) 52 52
Repayment of the term facility (1,290,000) - (1,290,000)
ADNOC Drilling - 3,000
Conversion of term facility to revolving credit facility (210,000) 210,000 -
ADNOC Onshore 97 131
Draw down from the revolving credit facility - 715,000 715,000
Total due to related parties 225,906 271,373
Repayment of the revolving credit facility (525,000) (525,000)
Balance as at 31 December 2025 - 400,000 400,000
** Included in the amounts payable to ADNOC (Holding Company) is an amount of USD 1,205 thousand (31 December 2024:
USD 7,492 thousand) in respect of interest payable on the USD 400,000 thousand revolving credit facility (31 December 2024:
550,000 thousand term facility).
Also included in the amounts payable to ADNOC (Holding Company) are balances arising from various intercompany
transactions, comprising charges for centralized services, recharges of secondee costs, rental charges for the Mussafah
premises, and license fees payable to the Petroleum Ports Authority (PPA).
In December 2025, a port construction contract was novated by ADNOC HQ to the Group whereby ADNOC HQ recovered the
costs incurred till December 2025 amounting to USD 70,883 thousand from the Group.
158 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 159

===== PAGE 82 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Cont.) 26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND OBJECTIVES
Related parties sub-lease receivables and lease liabilities are disclosed in note 12. The activities of the Group expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price risk and cash
flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The overall risk management programme of the Group seeks to
The Group’s significant bank balances with Abu Dhabi Government and other entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
minimise potential adverse effects of these risks on their financial performance.
influenced by the Abu Dhabi Government are as follows:
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, policies and
2025 2024
processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are
USD’000 USD’000
included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
Bank balances and term deposits 108,705 117,355
The Board of Directors have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management
2025 2024 framework. The Board of Directors are responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies.
USD’000 USD’000
The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk
Board of Directors fees 7,382 9,421
limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to
Key management compensation – salaries 2,042 1,746 reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and management standards and
procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles
The Group is a government-related entity as defined by IAS 24. The Group applies the disclosure exemption for transactions and obligations.
and balances with other government and government-related entities that arise in the normal course of business and are not
The Group’s Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and
individually significant. These insignificant transactions typically include port charges, utilities, and fees or charges for other
procedures and review the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group.
government-provided services. Only individually significant related-party transactions, or those necessary for an understanding
of the financial statements, are disclosed. The Group’s principal financial liabilities consist of trade and other payables, amounts due to related parties, shareholder loan,
loans and other borrowings and lease liabilities. The main purpose of the financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s
operations. The Group has various financial assets such as trade and other receivables, bank balances and amounts due from
related parties, which arise directly from its operations.
25 BANK GUARANTEES, CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
Market risk management
(a) Bank guarantees:
Foreign exchange risk
At 31 December 2025, the Group had bank guarantees issued by the bank arising in the ordinary course of business from
which it is anticipated that no material liabilities will arise, amounting to USD 8,931 thousand (2024: USD 11,964 thousand). The Group has no significant currency risk exposure from its operations as the Group’s majority of transactions are in UAE
Dirham or US Dollars. The UAE Dirham is pegged to the US Dollar, hence balances in US Dollars are not considered to represent a
significant risk.
(b) Capital commitments:
At 31 December 2025, the Group’s capital commitments in relation to the construction of vessels amount to USD 2,897,077 Price risk
thousand (2024: USD 3,303,308 thousand).
The Group has no significant direct exposure to commodity price risk. Reductions in oil prices may lead to reduction in the level
of future logistics services procured by customers who have significant exposure to oil and gas prices.
(c) Purchases commitments:
Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
At 31 December 2025, the Group’s purchases commitments amount to USD 72,001 thousand
(2024: USD 55,077 thousand). The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit to reasonably possible changes in interest rates, with all
other variables held constant.
(d) Contingencies: 2025 2024
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome USD’000 USD’000
of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that these matters will have a material Effect of increase of 100 basis points on Group’s profit (2,759) 3,662
adverse effect on the Group’s financial statements if concluded unfavorably. Effect of decrease of 100 basis points on Group’s profit 2,759 (3,662)
160 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 161

===== PAGE 83 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND OBJECTIVES (Cont.) 26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND OBJECTIVES (Cont.)
Credit risk management
On Less than 3 to 12 1 to 5
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group demand 3 months months years > 5 years Total
and arises principally from the Group’s trade and other receivables, related party and bank balances. The Group has adopted a USD ‘000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
policy of dealing only with creditworthy counterparties. The Group attempts to control credit risk by monitoring credit exposures, 31 December 2025
limiting transactions with specific non-related counterparties, and continually assessing the creditworthiness of such non- Trade payables - 90,776 - - - 90,776
related counter-parties. Due to related parties - 208,487 - - - 208,487
Income tax payable - - 54,291 - - 54,291
The average credit period on sale of goods or services is 30-60 days. No interest is charged on trade and other receivables. The
bank balances are maintained with commercial banks. The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are Lease liabilities - 41,238 49,536 114,150 59,880 264,804
reputable banks closely monitored by the regulatory bodies. Shareholder loan - - 402,000 - - 402,000
Purchase consideration payable - - - 315,000 - 315,000
The amount that best represents maximum credit risk exposure on financial assets at the end of the reporting period, in the
Loans and other borrowings - 27,975 52,678 152,653 269,363 502,669
event counter parties fail to perform their obligations, generally approximates their carrying value. Advances to suppliers, other
Other payables, accrued and capital expenses - 800,656 152,164 - - 952,820
receivables and balances with banks are not secured by any collateral.
Total - 1,169,132 710,669 581,803 329,243 2,790,847
Other financial assets do not have a material expected credit loss, and the loss allowance considered during the year was
limited to 12 months expected losses. As such, no loss allowance was made for such financial assets as at 31 December 2025
31 December 2024
and 2024.
Trade payables - 88,874 - - - 88,874
Due to related parties - 161,913 18,952 - - 180,865
Liquidity risk management Income tax payable - - 65,391 - - 65,391
Lease liabilities - 20,439 48,349 101,127 65,349 235,264
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities
Shareholder loan - - - 552,750 - 552,750
that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as
Other payables, accrued and capital
possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, - 609,952 241,262 - - 851,214
expenses
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
Total - 881,178 373,954 653,877 65,349 1,974,358
The Group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses for a short-term period,
including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot Operating lease rentals received in advance of USD 10,859 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 16,219 thousand) have been
reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. excluded from the ‘Other payables, accrued and capital expenses’ balance. Lease liabilities are presented on an undiscounted
basis, while interest is added to shareholder loans and to loans and other borrowings.
The Group limits its liquidity risk by ensuring adequate cash available from its operations and from support of the shareholders.
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities. The maturity profile is monitored by Advances received from related parties of USD 17,419 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 90,508 thousand) have been
management to ensure adequate liquidity is maintained. excluded from ‘Due to related parties’ balances.
162 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 163

===== PAGE 84 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
26 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND OBJECTIVES (Cont.) 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS
Credit risk management Information regarding the Group’s operating segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8, ‘Operating Segments’. IFRS 8
requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business.
reviewed by the Board of Directors, as the chief operating decision maker (CODM), in order to allocate resources to the segment
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern. and to assess its performance.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the shareholder, return
The Group’s strategic steering committee, consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Senior
capital to the shareholder, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts. No changes were made in the objectives, policies
Vice President of Strategy, examines the group’s performance from both a product and a service perspective but financial
or processes during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024. The Group considers total capital under
decisions are made by the Board. The operating segments are identified based on the nature of different services provided and
management to be equity as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position at USD 7,225,118 thousand as at 31
are managed separately because they have different economic characteristics – such as trends in sales growth, rates of return
December 2025 (2024: USD 4,894,627 thousand).
and level of capital investment – and have different marketing strategies.
The Group monitors capital on the basis of its gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity plus net
The CODM primarily uses EBITDA to monitor the performance of the business. For management purposes, the Group is
debt. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the statement of
organised into eight operating segments and seven reportable segments. These are referred to as “business units” as follows:
financial position) less cash and cash equivalents. Total equity is calculated as total equity as shown in the statement of financial
position plus net debt. Integrated Logistics:
The gearing ratio, determined as net debt to net debt plus equity, at the year-end was as follows: Integrated Logistics comprises three operating segments: (i) offshore contracting; (ii) offshore services; and (iii) offshore projects,
which includes engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) and other projects. During 2024, onshore services was
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000 transferred from Integrated Logistics to the ‘Services’ segment.
Debt (Shareholder loan - note 24) 400,000 550,000 Shipping:
Debt (Loans and other borrowings - note 32) 408,726 -
Shipping comprises the following reportable segments: (i) tankers (including Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc post its acquisition on 7
Cash and cash equivalents (note 18) (337,794) (198,919)
January 2025 – refer note 34A); (ii) gas carriers (including ship management services and share of profits from AW Shipping joint
Net debt 470,932 351,081
venture); and (iii) dry-bulk shipping (including containers).
Services:
2025 2024
USD’000 USD’000
Services reportable segment comprises marine, onshore, pool management operations, other services and share of profits from
Net debt 470,932 351,081 Navig8 Topco Holding Inc’s joint ventures and associates post their acquisition on 7 January 2025 (refer note 15). As mentioned
Equity 7,225,118 4,894,627 above, onshore services were previously reported under ‘Integrated Logistics’ segment but are now reported under the ‘Services’
Net debt plus equity 7,696,050 5,245,708 segment.
Gearing ratio 6% 7%
Others:
One-off items are classed under Others by management to facilitate better understanding of the business and to ensure proper
decision making. Finance income, finance costs, provision for expected credit losses, other income and other expenses which
27 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
are largely non-operational costs are recorded under this segment to facilitate better decision making.
Financial instruments comprise of financial assets and financial liabilities. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group
considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial
statements approximate their fair values.
164 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 165

===== PAGE 85 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont.) 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont.)
The following schedules illustrate the Group’s activities according to the operating segments/sub-segments for the year ended The following schedules illustrate the Group’s activities according to the operating segments/sub-segments for the year ended
31 December 2025 in USD’000s: 31 December 2024 in USD’000s:
Integrated Logistics Shipping Integrated Logistics Shipping
Dry- Dry-
Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas Bulk and Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas Bulk and
2025 USD’000 Contracting Services Projects Tankers Carriers Containers Services Others Total 2024 USD’000 Contracting Services Projects Tankers Carriers Containers Services Others Total
Revenues 1,368,875 628,915 531,333 1,719,714 179,794 225,048 362,433 - 5,016,112 Revenues 1,108,200 552,790 619,930 516,530 152,650 286,820 312,410 - 3,549,330
Direct costs (846,850) (497,725) (510,647) (1,421,406) (131,314) (199,256) (301,038) - (3,908,236) Direct costs (691,714) (451,840) (571,640) (310,630) (106,940) (219,830) (256,190) - (2,608,784)
Gross profit 522,025 131,190 20,686 298,308 48,480 25,792 61,395 - 1,107,876 Gross profit 416,486 100,950 48,290 205,900 45,710 66,990 56,220 - 940,546
General and administrative General and administrative
(50,467) (15,784) (1,522) (52,802) (12,175) (13,155) (47,498) (11,580) (204,983) (46,722) (17,110) (2,690) (18,070) (10,540) (11,310) (30,170) (4,910) (141,522)
expenses expenses
Provision for expected credit Reversal of provision for
- - - - - - - (9,590) (9,590) - - - - - - - 2,649 2,649
losses expected credit losses
Other income 140 - - 10,340 21,403 - - 18,576 50,459 Other income - - - - - - 3,800 16,096 19,896
Operating profit/(loss) 471,698 115,406 19,164 255,846 57,708 12,637 13,897 (2,594) 943,762 Other expenses - - - - - - - (4,310) (4,310)
Share of profit from joint
ventures and associates - - - - 21,313 - 16,079 - 37,392 Operating profit/(loss) 369,764 83,840 45,600 187,830 35,170 55,680 29,850 9,525 817,259
Share of profit from joint
Bargain purchase gain - - - - - - - 12,056 12,056 - - - - 14,198 - - - 14,198
ventures
Loss on previously held equity
- - - - - - - (3,398) (3,398) Finance income 889 - - - 907 - - 13,798 15,594
interest in joint venture
Finance income 809 - - 7,640 293 - - 10,217 18,959 Finance costs (7,122) - - - (839) (156) (1,715) (8,202) (18,034)
Profit/(loss) before tax
Finance costs (6,122) - - (53,980) (1,646) (1,210) (1,678) (22,507) (87,143) 363,531 83,840 45,600 187,830 49,436 55,524 28,135 15,121 829,017
for the year*
Profit/(loss) before tax
466,385 115,406 19,164 209,506 77,668 11,427 28,298 (6,226) 921,628 Deferred tax credit* 868 - - - - - - - 868
for the year*
Deferred tax credit* 898 - - - - - - - 898 Deferred tax expense* - - - - - - - (1,123) (1,123)
Income tax expense* (40,691) (15,182) (1,725) (1,179) (512) (630) (1,100) 1,340 (59,679) Income tax expense* (30,389) (11,228) (4,104) (15,833) (2,536) (4,609) (2,532) (1,361) (72,592)
Profit/(loss) for the year* 426,592 100,224 17,439 208,327 77,156 10,797 27,198 (4,886) 862,847 Profit/(loss) for the year* 334,010 72,612 41,496 171,997 46,900 50,915 25,603 12,637 756,170
D in e d p ir r e e c c t ia c t o io s n t s and amortisation 148,114 61,448 8,700 190,151 49,735 24,370 28,370 - 510,888 D in e d p ir r e e c c t ia c t o io s n t s and amortisation 125,781 49,690 7,450 50,640 37,220 12,990 24,100 - 307,871
Depreciation and amortisation Depreciation and amortisation
in general and administrative 3,253 1,515 160 5,223 791 855 1,927 197 13,921 in general and administrative 2,158 1,350 1,190 1,230 720 770 2,050 - 9,468
expenses expenses
Deferred tax credit (898) - - - - - - - (898) Deferred tax credit (868) - - - - - - - (868)
Income tax expense 40,691 15,182 1,725 1,179 512 630 1,100 (1,340) 59,679 Drefered tax expense - - - - - - - 1,123 1,123
Finance income (809) - - (7,640) (293) - - (10,217) (18,959) Income tax expense 30,389 11,228 4,104 15,833 2,536 4,609 2,532 1,361 72,592
Finance costs 6,122 - - 53,980 1,646 1,210 1,678 22,507 87,143 Finance income (889) - - - (907) - - (13,798) (15,594)
EBITDA 623,065 178,369 28,024 451,220 129,547 37,862 60,273 6,261 1,514,621 Finance costs 7,122 - - - 839 156 1,715 8,202 18,034
EBITDA 497,703 134,880 54,240 239,700 87,308 69,440 56,000 9,525 1,148,796
166 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 167

===== PAGE 86 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont.) 29 GOODWILL
The Group’s largest customers are related entities within the ADNOC Group (refer to note 24). The Group’s vessels are deployed For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Group’s Cash Generating Units (“CGUs”) where the goodwill is
throughout the world and are not concentrated in certain geographical areas. The Group’s management does not consider monitored for internal management purposes. The aggregate carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each unit is as set
the geographical distribution of the group’s operations to be relevant for their internal management analysis and therefore no out below:
geographical segment information has been disclosed.
2025 2024
All operating segment/sub-segment results are reviewed regularly by the Group’s strategic steering committee to make USD’000 USD’000
decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment/sub-segment and to assess their performance. Goodwill on acquisition of ZMI business 51,368 51,368
The following tables represent segment assets for the Group’s operating segments as reviewed by the management
The goodwill is attributable to synergies expected to be achieved from the business combination and an increase in market
in USD’000s:
share. For impairment testing, the goodwill is allocated to the Cash Generating Unit (“CGU”) where the goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes. ZMI’s main principle activities include the chartering of vessels and barges. The recoverable
Integrated Logistics Shipping amount of the CGU was based on its value in use determined by management. The carrying amount of this unit was determined
to be lower than its recoverable amount.
Dry-
Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas Bulk and
Value in use was determined based on the five-year business plan approved by the management. The projected future cash
31 December 2025 Contracting Services Projects * * Tankers Carriers Containers Services Total
flows from the continuing use of the unit are based on past experience and current rates of contractual arrangements for the
Property, plant & equipment * 1,998,956 282,637 - 2,643,389 1,411,865 168,789 378,542 6,884,178
initial five-year period. Beyond this period, the projected future cash flows were determined by reference to historical experience
Investment properties * 89,154 - - - - - - 89,154 and based on market rates available for similar vessels. Both the cash inflows and outflows projected utilized a growth rate
equivalent to the estimated inflation rate of 2%. These resulting cash flows were then discounted based on the Group’s approved
discount rate.
Integrated Logistics Shipping
Key assumptions used for the CGU impairment testing are as below:
Dry-
Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas Bulk and
2025 2024
31 December 2024 Contracting Services Projects * * Tankers Carriers Containers Services Total
Discount rate (%) 9% 9%
Property, plant & equipment * 1,930,750 255,204 - 1,099,519 886,158 152,500 219,204 4,543,335
Growth rate (%) 2% 2%
Investment properties * 92,501 - - - - - - 92,501
Inflation rate (%) 2% 2%
* These relate to additional voluntary disclosures not presented to CODM, but which are allocated on a reasonable and
Anticipated annual revenue growth is based on latest available forecasts. The values assigned to the key assumptions represent
consistent basis to provide additional information.
the management’s assessment of future trends in the industry and are based on both external and internal sources.
**The offshore projects sub-segment does not have dedicated property, plant & equipment. Instead, it utilizes the property, plant
Sensitivity analysis
& equipment from other sub-segments.
The Group has conducted an analysis of the impairment test to changes in key assumptions used to determine the recoverable
amount of the CGU to which goodwill is allocated. Management anticipates that no reasonably possible change in any of the key
assumptions above would cause the carrying value of the CGU including goodwill to materially exceed its recoverable amount.
168 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 169

===== PAGE 87 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
30 INCOME TAX 30 INCOME TAX (Cont.)
2025 2024 Change in deferred tax during the year is as follows:
USD’000 USD’000
2025 2024
Tax recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
USD’000 USD’000
Current tax on profits for the year (excluding tonnage tax) 59,153 72,071
Deferred tax liability
Adjustment for current tax of prior year (1,230) -
1 January 34,803 35,671
Total current tax 57,923 72,071
Recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (898) (868)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (898) (868)
31 December 33,905 34,803
Adjustment for deferred tax of prior years - 1,123
Total deferred tax (898) 255 There are no substantial unrecognised tax liabilities from business operations or on investments in subsidiaries, associated
Total income tax 57,025 72,326 companies and joint ventures.
Tonnage tax 526 521 ADNOC Logistics & Services plc generates profits from the provision of freight and charter services for the transportation of
Total tax expense 57,551 72,847 petroleum products, crude oil, dry-bulk and containers on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third parties, the operation
Tax reconciliation and maintenance of oil terminals, EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction, material handling,
manpower and equipment supply, rental of stores, warehouses, office space and provision and the supply of chemicals and other
Profit before tax 921,628 829,017
on-shore oil and gas field services.
Profit subject to tonnage taxation (250,606) (36,973)
On 16 January 2023, the UAE government published a Cabinet Decision setting the threshold at which the new Corporate
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates (37,392) (14,198)
Income Tax will apply. This event made the Corporate Income Tax substantively enacted and enacted within the meaning of IAS
Profit before tax, adjusted 633,630 777,846
12. Current Taxes as defined in IAS 12 were payable for financial years ending after 1 January 2024. The company was subject
Tax using the UAE corporation tax and regional tax rates (9%) 57,027 70,006
to Corporate Income Tax for the first time during the year ended 31 December 2024. Enactment of the legislation requires the
Adjustment for current tax of prior year (1,230) - company to record deferred taxes using the enacted rate of 9%.
Effect of tax rate deviations in non-UAE jurisdictions 1,228 2,320
In 2023, the Group signed a Fiscal Letter with the Department of Finance’s Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs
Total income tax 57,025 72,326 (“SCFAEA”), which was further amended on 11 November 2024. The Fiscal Letter became effective for the first time during the
Effective tax rate 6.24% 8.79% year ended 31 December 2024. The UAE Corporate Income Tax law takes precedence over the Fiscal Letter, and any income
generated from international shipping by group entities registered in Abu Dhabi, exempt under the UAE Corporate Income Tax
law, is taxed under the Fiscal Letter based on tonnage rates prescribed within the Fiscal Letter. These changes provide the Group
Current tax expense is classified and presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as below
with a more consistent and manageable tax liability, aligning the tax burden with the operational capacity of the fleet rather than
Current tax on profits for the year 57,923 72,071
fluctuating profits. The activities, which are subject to income tax, include terminals, logistics, services and non-international
Adjustment for current tax of prior year 1,230 - shipping through which the Group operates a comprehensive port and integrated logistics service networks. The logistics
Tonnage tax 526 521 products include transportation, warehousing and distribution and supply chain management services.
Current tax expense 59,679 72,592
Global Minimum Taxation (OECD Pillar Two)
Income tax payable as at 31 December 2025 equated to USD 54,291 thousand (31 December 2024: USD 65,391 thousand). In an effort to end tax avoidance and to address concerns regarding the erosion of the global corporate tax base, a global
framework for corporate taxation has been formed by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework and is supported by over 135
As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, recognised deferred tax liability is attributable to the following:
jurisdictions. One of the key elements is to introduce a global minimum tax rate of 15%, based on group accounting income per
jurisdiction. The minimum tax rules are designed as a hierarchy of the right to claim income tax. If the income is not subject to a
minimum effective tax rate of 15% in the country where it is earned, then the remaining tax payment (top-up tax) can be picked
2025 2024
up by another jurisdiction where the Group is active. ADNOC Logistics & Services plc and its subsidiaries will be grouped under
USD’000 USD’000
the ultimate parent entity of the Group, ADNOC, which currently pays tax at an effective tax rate of more than 15%. On December
Current tax on profits for the year 57,923 72,071 9, 2024, the UAE Ministry of Finance confirmed the introduction of a 15% Domestic Minimum Top-up Tax (DMTT) for large groups
Adjustment for current tax of prior year 1,230 - with consolidated revenues exceeding EUR 750 million (approximately USD 825 million) and operations in multiple jurisdictions,
Tonnage tax 526 521 effective January 1, 2025. Federal Decree Law No. (47) will be amended to include DMTT provisions for multinationals.
Current tax expense 59,679 72,592
Liability
Property, plant and equipment 33,905 34,803
170 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 171

===== PAGE 88 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
30 INCOME TAX (Cont.) 31 MOVEMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Cont.)
Global Minimum Taxation (OECD Pillar Two) Summarised consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025:
Three elements are key to understanding how the rules will impact the Group:
SWS VLCC JV
• First, the Group does not set up artificial structures in low-tax jurisdictions for tax purposes or earn significant profits in such Navig8 Topco LLC and SWS
jurisdictions, which means that our business structure itself is not impacted significantly by the rules, but some additional tax Holdings Inc VLCC GP LLC Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
may become payable where services are provided in low-tax jurisdictions,
Current assets 330,314 15,895 346,209
• Second, tax incentives given to capital projects, such as critical infrastructure, will be considered less effective going forward
Current liabilities (215,625) (153) (215,778)
as it will impact the effective tax rate and thereby the basis for potential top-up tax,
Current net assets 114,689 15,742 130,431
• Third, although the rules exclude ‘international shipping income’, the definition is more restrictive than the global definitions
Non-current assets 1,300,953 66,715 1,367,668
usually applied under a tax treaty following the OECD Model Tax Convention or under tonnage tax.
Non-current liabilities (673,260) - (673,260)
Due to the design of tonnage taxation, the Group’s effective tax rate fluctuates significantly depending on the yearly results and
Non-current net assets 627,693 66,715 694,408
will also be calculated on a consolidated basis with other activities.
Net assets 742,382 82,457 824,839
Taking the transitional Safe Harbour regulations into consideration, our analysis shows that no material top-up tax should apply to Accumulated NCI 256,898 7,614 264,512
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc in 2025.
Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025:
31 MOVEMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS SWS VLCC JV
Navig8 Topco LLC and SWS
Holdings Inc VLCC GP LLC Total
The business combinations of the Group are disclosed in note 34. In this note, we have summarised the movements in USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
non-controlling interests arising from these business combinations, in accordance with the disclosure requirements of IFRS 3 Revenue 1,244,958 15,248 1,260,206
Business Combinations and IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. Net profit, other and total comprehensive income for the year 117,360 8,440 125,800
SWS VLCC JV Profit allocated to NCI 23,462 844 24,306
Navig8 Topco LLC and SWS
Dividends paid to NCI 11,779 - 11,779
Holdings Inc VLCC GP LLC Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Non-controlling interests arising on acquisition date 252,835 6,770 259,605 Summarised consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2025:
Adjustments (7,620) - (7,620)
SWS VLCC JV
Profit for the year 23,462 844 24,306
Navig8 Topco LLC and SWS
Dividend paid by subsidiary to non-controlling interests (11,779) - (11,779) Holdings Inc VLCC GP LLC Total
Balance as at 31 December 2025 256,898 7,614 264,512 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Cash flows from operating activities 232,847 11,772 244,619
Set out below is summarised financial information for the two subsidiaries mentioned above that have non-controlling interests Cash flows from investing activities (61,048) - (61,048)
that are material to the group. The amounts disclosed for each subsidiary are before inter-company eliminations and any Cash flows from financing activities (268,856) (1,583) (270,439)
consolidation adjustments. Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (97,057) 10,189 (86,868)
172 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 173

===== PAGE 89 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
32 LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS 33 HYBRID EQUITY INSTRUMENT
During the year, Hyper Issuerco SPV RSV Limited (a subsidiary of the Group) issued USD 2 billion Perpetual Capital Securities (the
Current Non-current Total
31 December 2025 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 Maturity Weighted average interest rates “Securities”) to an Investor.
The first drawdown of USD 1.1 billion was executed on 14 February 2025 was priced at SOFR+125bps and is repayable solely at
Loans and other borrowings 79,931 328,795 408,726 5 to 10 years
• For bank loans: 7.11% to the Group’s discretion.
7.55% per annum
On 31 July 2025, the Group executed a second drawdown of USD 200 million which was also priced at SOFR+125bps and is
• For other borrowings: 4.36% repayable solely at the Group’s discretion.
to 8.31% per annum
On 28 November 2025, the Group executed a third drawdown of USD 700 million which was priced at SOFR+125bps and is
repayable solely at the Group’s discretion.
79,931 328,795 408,726
During the year, fees paid of USD 2,759 thousand and coupons paid of USD 61,333 thousand related to the issuance of the
securities were recorded directly in retained earnings.
As at 31 December 2025, some of the subsidiaries within the Group are subject to financial covenants under their loan
agreements. The covenants are applicable at the respective subsidiary level. These covenants include: The closing balance of the Securities as at 31 December 2025 of USD 1,978,619 thousand is net of transaction costs of USD
21,381 thousand.
• Liquidity Ratio: Not less than the greater of USD 40,000,000 or 4% of total net debt;
As per the terms of the agreement, the Securities are perpetual in nature and do not have a maturity date. The Group retains the
• Consolidated Tangible Net Worth: Not less than USD 130,000,000;
sole and absolute discretion not to pay coupons on the Securities without triggering an event of default. The Group is also in
• Leverage Ratio: Not exceeding 75%; and control of all covenants and put option actions based on their reasonable actions to be undertaken. The Securities are therefore
classified as a hybrid equity instrument in accordance with IAS 32, ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’.
• Current Ratio: Not less than 1.0x
Management has assessed compliance with these covenants as at the reporting date and confirms that the subsidiaries were in
full compliance with all covenant requirements. No breaches or defaults occurred during the reporting period.
34 BUSINESS COMBINATION
These covenants are monitored periodically, and the subsidiaries maintain adequate headroom to ensure ongoing compliance.
The terms of the covenants are consistent with industry norms and are not expected to restrict the Group’s operational or
A. Acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc:
financial flexibility.
On 7 January 2025, the Group completed its acquisition of an 80% stake in Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc (hereafter referred
There are no indicators that the Group would have difficulties complying with the covenants when they will be next tested as at
to as Navig8) through a subsidiary of ADNOC Logistics & Services plc (Compass Holdco RSC Limited) for USD 999.3 million
31 March 2026 quarterly reporting date.
paid in cash, with a contractual commitment to acquire the remaining 20% in mid-2027. The remaining 20% ownership will be
The movement in the loans and other borrowings can be summarised as follows: acquired in 2027 for a cash consideration ranging between USD 335 million and USD 450 million, dependent on Navig8’s EBITDA
performance in the intervening period. As at the date of acquisition, the present value of the expected redemption amount
USD’000 amounting to USD 287.5 million has been recorded as a non-current financial liability with a corresponding investment reserve
Opening balance on 1 January 2025 - recorded under equity amounting to USD 287.5 million. As at 31 December 2025, management has reassessed the expected
redemption amount and not found any material adjustments required. The subsequent measurement of the liability and the
Acquired during the year (note 34A & 34B) 857,473
corresponding investment reserve amounted to USD 298.6 million, reflecting an interest unwinding of USD 11.1 million during the
Upfront fees on loans and other borrowings written off (note 10) 4,252
period. This amount has been recognised directly within equity, as presented in the consolidated financial statements.
Amortisation of upfront fees on loans and other borrowings (note 10) 1,857
This acquisition is expected to be immediately value-accretive, aligning with the Group’s transformational growth strategy
Interest accrued 48,921
and investment target. The Group is expecting to unlock significant value through cost saving synergies through optimizing
Interest paid (39,258)
technical management costs and bunker spend. As at the acquisition date, Navig8’s global footprint in 15 cities across five
Principal paid (464,519) continents, and owned fleet of 32 modern tankers, is expected to greatly enhance Group’s international profile and expand its
Closing balance on 31 December 2025 408,726 blue-chip customer base. As a result of this acquisition, Group’s service offering, among others, will include pooling, commercial
management, bunker trading, technical management and ESG-focused digital solutions.
174 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 175

===== PAGE 90 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
34 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont.) 34 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont.)
A. Acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc (Cont.): A. Acquisition of Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc (Cont.):
The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The consolidated financial statements include the The acquisition-related costs were USD 5.1 million in 2023, USD 3.9 million in 2024, and USD 9.5 million in 2025. These expenses
amounts of Navig8 from the acquisition date of 7 January 2025 till the year end date of 31 December 2025. The fair values of the have been recorded under General and administrative expenses for each respective period. Navig8 contributed revenues of
identifiable assets and liabilities of Navig8 as at the date of acquisition are set out below: USD 1,245 million and net profit after tax of USD 65 million to the Group consolidated results for the period from 7 January
to 31 December 2025. The revenue and net profit contribution from Navig8 would not have been materially different had the
Fair value on
acquisition occurred at the beginning of the annual reporting period.
acquisition
USD’000 Purchase consideration cash outflow is as follows:
Assets:
Vessels and other fixed assets 1,575,164 USD’000
Investment in joint ventures (note 15) 160,267 Cash outflow, net of cash acquired
Investment in other associates (note 15) 75,146 Cash consideration 999,283
Right-of-use assets 84,288 Less: cash acquired (206,083)
Intangibles acquired 22,631 Net outflow of cash – investing activities 793,200
Cash and cash equivalents 206,083
The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the identifiable assets
Trade receivables 233,605
acquired, and liabilities assumed, have been recognised at their respective provisional fair values. These provisional amounts
Inventories 20,065
will be adjusted during the measurement period, or additional assets or liabilities recognised, to reflect new information obtained
Total assets 2,377,249
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the reporting date, the IFRS 3 measurement period
concluded, with no revisions required to the provisional fair values reported as at 31 December 2025.
Liabilities:
Borrowings 833,234 B. Acquisition of SWS VLCC JV LLC and SWS VLCC GP LLC:
Lease liabilities 43,615 On March 27, 2025, Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc, through its wholly owned subsidiary Apollo Shipping Inc, acquired the remaining
Trade and other payables 236,226 50% shareholding in SWS VLCC JV LLC (hereafter referred to as ‘SWS’) and 66.67% of the units in SWS VLCC GP LLC (hereafter
Total liabilities 1,113,075 referred to as ‘GP’), for the sole benefit of NewCo 16 Inc.
Before this transaction, Navig8 Topco Holdings Inc, via Apollo Shipping Inc, held a 50% stake in SWS and a 33.33% stake in GP
Total identifiable net assets at fair value 1,264,174 and accounted for both the companies using equity method of accounting.
80% of total identifiable net assets at fair value 1,011,339 Immediately after the acquisitions, NewCo 16 Inc, a subsidiary of ADNOC Logistics & Services plc, countersigned share transfer
instruments, accepting the transfer of shares in SWS.
Purchase consideration 999,283 As a result of these acquisitions and the execution of the share transfer instruments, ADNOC Logistics & Services plc secured a
Bargain purchase gain 12,056 legal ownership interest amounting to 100% in both SWS and GP.
ADNOC Logistics & Services plc has applied the principles of IFRS 3 Business Combinations and accounted for the acquisitions
The non-controlling interests in Navig8 Group, were recognised at the proportionate share of the acquired net identifiable assets.
using the acquisition method from 27 March 2025, when control was obtained by the Group. The fair value of the pre-existing
interest in SWS and GP on the date of acquisition of control is USD 33.9 million.
The acquisition of Navig8 Group resulted in a bargain purchase gain of USD 12 million which has been accounted for in the
At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value. The fair value
consolidated statement of comprehensive Income. The main reason for the bargain purchase gain is the rise in the fair value of
of the existing assets and liabilities approximated their carrying values.
vessels as of the acquisition.
176 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 177

===== PAGE 91 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Cont.)
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2025
34 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont.) 35 TREASURY SHARES
B. Acquisition of SWS VLCC JV LLC and SWS VLCC GP LLC (Cont.): During the year, the Group appointed a licensed market maker on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX) that offers liquidity
provision services, to place buy and sell orders of the Group’s shares with the objective of reducing bid/ask spreads as well as
The fair value of the previously held interest and consideration paid equated to the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired,
reducing price and volume volatility. The shares are purchased for the Group’s account by the market maker. The market maker
resulting in neither excess nor deficit. Therefore, no goodwill or bargain gain has been recognised.
trades and operates within the predetermined parameters approved by the Group. The Group has provided an initial funding
The following table summarises the recognised amount of assets and liabilities acquired at the acquisition date: of USD 19,061 thousand to the market maker to trade the Group’s shares and carries all risks and rewards associated with the
arrangement (Refer to note 17).
Fair value on
acquisition Given the nature and substance of the arrangement, the shares have been classified as ‘Treasury shares’ in Equity. At 31
USD’000 December 2025, the market maker held 5,480,588 shares (31 December 2024: nil) on behalf of the Group, which are classified
Assets: in equity under treasury shares at an average purchase price amounting to USD 8,805 thousand (31 December 2024: nil). During
Property, plant and equipment 86,395 the year, a cumulative net profit of USD 531 thousand has been recognized directly in retained earnings, as reflected in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity.
Trade and other receivables 4,127
Cash and cash equivalents 1,816 The movement in the number of shares held by the market maker during the year can be summarised as follows:
92,338
Opening number of shares on 1 January 2025 -
Acquired during the year 285,079,546
Liabilities:
Sold during the year (279,598,958)
Loan and other borrowings 24,239
Closing number of shares on 31 December 2025 5,480,588
Trade and other payables 395
24,634
36 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Total identifiable net assets at fair value 67,704
50% of total identifiable net assets at fair value 33,852
In the meeting of the Board of Directors on 10 February 2026, it was proposed that a final cash dividend of USD 81,250 thousand
is paid in quarter two of 2026.
Purchase consideration paid 33,852
The Group entered into an unsecured senior corporate revolving credit facility (RCF) agreement with ADNOC, amounting to $2.0
billion with an incremental facility of $600 million. This replaces the revolving credit facility of USD 1.85 billion entered in 2023
Fair value of previously held equity interest 33,852 (note 24).
Less: fair value of net identifiable assets acquired (33,852)
Goodwill/bargain gain recognised -
Fair value of the previously held equity interest 27,082
Less: carrying value of the previously held equity interest (30,480)
Loss on previously held equity interest in joint venture recognized in the consolidated (3,398)
statement of comprehensive income
SWS contributed revenues of USD 15 million and net profit after tax of USD 4.4 million to the Group’s consolidated results for the
period from 27 March to 31 December 2025.
The acquisitions have been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the identifiable assets
acquired, and liabilities assumed, have been recognised at their respective provisional fair values. These provisional amounts
will be adjusted during the measurement period, or additional assets or liabilities recognised, to reflect new information obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date.
178 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 179

===== PAGE 92 =====
Strategic Report / Governance Report / Financial Statements
Notes
180 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2025 181

===== PAGE 93 =====
adnoc.ls adnocls ADNOC Logistics & Services