
===== PAGE 1 =====
ANNUAL REPORT
AND ACCOUNTS 2024
Delivering Energy For Life
adnocls.ae ADNOC Logistics & Services

===== PAGE 2 =====
ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 1
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DELIVERING
ENERGY FOR LIFE
Contents
Strategic Report 2-63 Governance Report 64-93 Financial Statements 94-163
Who we Are 2 Board of Directors 66 Directors’ report 96
Delivering Growth 6 Our Corporate Governance 69 Independent auditor’s report
Chairman's Statement 8 Share Dealings 69 to the shareholders of ADNOC
Logistics & Services PLC 97
CEO's Statement 10 Material Contracts 70
Consolidated statement
Investment Case 14 Organization chart 72
of comprehensive income 103
Market Overview 22 Executive Management team 74
Consolidated statement
Business Model 24 Executive Committee 75 of financial position 104
Our Strategy 26 Nomination and Remuneration Consolidated statement
Key Performance Indicators 28 Committee 76 of changes in equity 105
1
ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC , is a global energy maritime
Strategy in Action 30 Audit Committee 77 Consolidated statement
logistics company headquartered in Abu Dhabi and listed on the Operations Review 36 External Auditors 78 of cash flows 106
Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. CFO's Statement 50 Risk Management 79 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income 107
Stakeholder Engagement 54 Internal Control System 88
Notes to the consolidated
1ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC (“ADNOC L&S” or “the Company”) Sustainability Summary 58 General information 89 financial statements 108
Glossary 91
adnocls.ae
@adnocls ADNOC Logistics & Services @adnoc.ls
ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024

===== PAGE 3 =====
2 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 3
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Who We Are
Our Strategy Our Investment Case
A global energy
Transformational growth through We are building a business of
four key levers: scale through sustainable growth.
maritime logistics
Grow with ADNOC: Service new
1
growth and expand service offering
leader Expand service offering to
2
capture additional business
People, our
with existing clients
greatest asset
Extend international activities
3
and blue-chip client base
Enter new and relevant
Our Vision
4
adjacent verticals
To become
For more details
the leading energy
see page 16
1
maritime logistics
2
6 reasons
company of choice
to invest
4
3
For more details For more details
see page 26 see page 18
Accelerating
decarbonization
For more details
see page 20

===== PAGE 4 =====
4 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 5
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Where We Are
1
Global offices Customers Countries
International
100+ 50+
presence
Athens
ADNOC L&S is a fully integrated global energy maritime logistics Oslo
company that operates onshore and offshore energy-related London
logistics activities, including international energy transportation to
more than 100 customers in over 50 countries and have offices in
Hamburg Mumbai
19 cities.
Tokyo
Shanghai
Taipei
Singapore
Houston
Florida Dubai
New York Cape Town Abu Dhabi Perth
Dammam
Rio Doha
Key figures 2024 highlights
1Includes Navig8 offices
Integrated Logistics Shipping Services
Established Workforce1 TRIR2 In Country Value (US$)
1975 11,000+ 0.21 $260m
Seafarers1 Owned Vessels1 Revenue (US$) EBITDA (US$) Delivering comprehensive offshore Offering commercial shipping Delivering marine and onshore
logistics solutions: transporting solutions for the transportation of services including terminal
people; materials, equipment; fuel energy and related products such as operations; warehousing & onshore
3,400 330+ $3,549m $1,149m
and water, and providing diving crude oil, refined products, Liquefied materials handling; maritime traffic
support; support base and shore- Natural Gas and Liquefied Petroleum management; petroleum ports
side support services; and materials Gas. operations; oil spill & HNS response;
handling & storage. commercial pools management;
ship management and bunkering.
Operated and Chartered Net Profit (US$) FCFFO (US$)
Vessels1
2024 Revenue (US$) 2024 Revenue (US$) 2024 Revenue (US$)
$756m ~$1.1bn
600+
$2,281m $956m $312m
1 Approximate figure at 31 December 2024, including 3,400 seafarers. 2 Total Recordable Incident Rate. FCFFO – Free Cash Flows from Operations.

===== PAGE 5 =====
6 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 7
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Delivering Growth
Delivering growth:
our story
Since its founding in 1975, ADNOC has been a cornerstone in the UAE’s energy
landscape, driving the nation’s progress. In response to rising global demand for
energy, ADNOC L&S was born from the merger of ADNATCO, ESNAAD and
IRSHAD, positioning the Company as a key player in Integrated Logistics, Shipping,
and Marine Services.
Delivering growth
Quality asset base
1975 1979 2003 2016
Abu Dhabi National Tanker Abu Dhabi Petroleum Ports Petroleum Services Company Establishment of ADNOC L&S Strong capabilities
Company (ADNATCO) Operating Company (ESNAAD) PJSC established through merger of ADNATCO,
established (IRSHAD) established ESNAAD AND IRSHAD
Long-term contracts
Listing on ADX
Visibility of cashflows
1st major acquisition Acquisition of 20 Offshore assets 2nd major acquisition
8 additional JUBs acquired and deployed
24 JUBs 32 tankers Revenue stability
Delivery of 19 JUBs ~39-year
38 OSVs 4 newbuilt VLCCs contract coverage
2022 2022 2023 2024 2025
ADNOC L&S and Wanhua ZMI Acquisition IPO, listed on ADX Expansion of Navig8 acquisition
Chemical Group form joint Integrated Logistics completed1
venture called AW Shipping
1 LNGC delivered in 2024 9 VLECs to be delivered 4 VLACs to be 8 LNGCs to be delivered
5 LNGCs to be delivered ~180-year contract delivered ~160-year contract
~67 years contract coverage coverage
coverage
2025-26 2025-27 2026-28 2028+
Delivery of DAS LNGCs Delivery of VLECs Delivery of VLACs Delivery of Ruwais LNGCs
1The announcement of ADNOC L&S commitment to acquire Navig8 was published on 3 June, 2024. The completion of 80% acquisition of Navig8 was completed
on 7 January 2025.
JUBs – Jack-Up Barges VLACs – Very Large Ammonia Carriers VLECs – Very Large Ethane Carriers OSVs – Offshore Service Vessels
LNGCs – Liquified Natural Gas Carriers

===== PAGE 6 =====
8 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 9
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Chairman's Statement
2024 was a transformative year We remain committed to supporting the UAE’s
economic growth and investing in local talent we expanded our global presence, strengthened our fleet,
Strengthening our
and entered new high-value verticals such as ship pooling In 2024, we invested nearly AED 1 billion into the local
and internationalizing commercial management services, economy, driving In-Country Value through optimized supply
positioning the company to capture long-term value in the chains, workforce development, and local partnerships.
global presence growing maritime logistics market. ADNOC L&S continues to empower Emirati talent, developing
the next generation of seafarers and industry leaders while
A defining moment was our $1 billion acquisition
upholding the UAE’s core values.
of 80% of Navig8
As we progress through 2025, ADNOC L&S is
With a presence in 15 cities across five continents, this
strategically poised for future growth
acquisition marks a pivotal step in ADNOC L&S’ global
expansion—strengthening operational capabilities, unlocking We announced the addition of 8 LNG Carriers, four Very Large
new markets, and enhancing shareholder value. Our wider Ammonia Carriers, and nine Very Large Ethane Carriers, with
global operational base enables us to deliver greater deliveries scheduled from 2025 to 2028. We also took delivery
efficiencies and unlock new value for customers and investors. of the first of six newbuild LNG Carriers contracted in 2022, with
the second arriving in May 2025 and the majority contracted for
Our record financial results reflect the strength
20 years upon delivery. With the Company’s acquisition of new
of our strategy
energy- efficient fleet, ADNOC L&S is not only enhancing its
In 2024, revenue rose 29% to over $3.5 billion, EBITDA grew
operational capabilities but also securing its financial future.
31%, and net profit increased 22% to $756 million. ADNOC L&S
is now one of the world’s leading energy maritime logistics We will continue to pursue organic expansion and strategic
companies by market capitalization, and by year-end, our acquisitions, delivering ADNOC’s energy to the world while
share price had increased more than 178% since our IPO in further contributing to the UAE’s economic ambitions,
2023, significantly outperforming the ADX. We continue to Our success is made possible by the dedication of our Board,
deliver strong shareholder returns with total dividends of employees, and shareholders. Your commitment to ADNOC
$273 million announced for 2024, 5% higher than the prior L&S’ vision is pivotal, and it is your contributions that continue
year annualized dividend. to drive this company forward.
ADNOC L&S’ strong balance sheet, prudent leverage policy,
and free cash flow generation position us well for growth. We
H.E. DR. SULTAN AHMED AL JABER
have a visible long-term revenue stream and a robust financial
Chairman
position driven by strong growth in core businesses.
To further fuel its smart growth strategy, ADNOC L&S has
successfully signed an innovative Hybrid Capital Instrument
(HCI), with available funds of $1.3 billion and $2.0 billion. This is
a very efficiently priced equity solution which enables further
growth investment options.
Beyond financial growth, we continue to lead in
sustainability and innovation
In 2024, we reduced carbon intensity by over 11% from 2023
and cut emissions from our ocean-going fleet by 56% since
2019. Our commitment to a low-carbon future is reinforced
by the imminent addition of 21 environmentally efficient
vessels, featuring low-emission dual-fuel engines that set
new industry standards.
Technology remains a key pillar of our growth strategy
ADNOC L&S is prioritizing investments in game-changing
innovations to accelerate our trajectory. In 2024, we deployed
AIQ’s SMARTi safety monitoring solution across 86 vessels,
leveraging AI-driven insights to enhance safety and mitigate
risk. We also expanded our AI Enabled Integrated Logistics
Management System (ILMS), optimizing ADNOC’s UAE offshore
logistics which will reduce material delivery delays by 60%.

===== PAGE 7 =====
10 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 11
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
CEO’s Statement
In 2024 ADNOC L&S continued to deliver strongly, early and Enhancing our Integrated Logistics business segment
profitably on our transformational growth strategy, During 2024 we completed several strategic objectives
Building a business
substantially expanding our fleet against long-term contracts
across our Integrated Logistics business segment, the
whilst significantly extending international reach and service
largest revenue-generating unit. We achieved significant
portfolio. This year has been characterized by the
growth in 2024 through the acquisition of 20 offshore assets
internationalization of our business platform, the addition of
of scale as well as securing contracts for the deployment of 19
new vessel types focused on transition fuels and the growth of
Jack-Up Barges (JUBs).
our offshore logistics business. Today ADNOC L&S is a larger,
Our strategic investments and fleet expansion are enabling
stronger, more international business, and we are now one of
substantial regional and international growth in Integrated
the leading energy maritime logistics companies in the world.
Logistics. During 2024 the Company launched its Integrated
We end 2024 as a strong business, confident that the
Logistics Management System (ILMS), an AI-driven tool that
initiatives we have taken during the year have created an
helps create optimal vessel routes and schedules, improving
enhanced platform that positions us well for future growth.
decision-making and operational efficiency. ILMS improves
People are our greatest asset and we take pride in ensuring
vessel utilization by 9%, ensuring a better deployment of
that employees remain safe and return home safely across all
assets. We are well positioned to build on this solid
our operations and assets. We continue to have an excellent
performance in 2025 as we meet the evolving needs of
safety record throughout our operations. In 2024 the Total
customers and capitalize on new market opportunities.
Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) was 0.21, a reduction of 80%
Strategic fleet expansion to meet the growing
between 2020 and 2024, achieved by instilling a strong health
global demand for natural gas as a lower-carbon
and safety culture, implementing new technologies, policies
energy source
and awareness-raising initiatives.
To support the energy transition and to capture the growing
demand for the transportation of low-carbon energy, ADNOC
L&S invested in expanding and modernizing its fleet with new
Each of our business segments building contracts for 21 energy-efficient vessels, including
eight LNG carriers (LNGCs), nine Very Large Ethane Carriers
have continued to grow
(VLECs) and four Very Large Ammonia Carriers (VLACs).
substantially throughout the year,
Furthermore, the Company continues to invest in vessel
and our focus remains on growth maintenance and re-purposing vessels to increase the
longevity of the fleet.
as we conclude 2024 and move
I was also pleased to attend the naming and delivery ceremony
into 2025.”
of ‘Al Shelila,’ the first of six newbuild Liquified Natural Gas
Carriers (LNGC) from Jiangnan Shipyard in China, ordered in
Coupled with the growth and expansion of our business is the 2022. In Arabic, ‘Shelila’ represents strength and grace,
investment into our people and the development of the next qualities that reflect the legacy of our forefathers’ vessels. The
generation of leaders. The ADNOC L&S People-First strategy vessel was delivered two months ahead of schedule, with the
reflects our commitment to developing a diverse, inclusive, remaining five LNGCs expected to be delivered in 2025 and
and highly skilled national workforce across the national 2026. Immediately after delivery, "Al Shelila" was hired by a
maritime ecosystem. As a Captain and former seafarer, it is top-tier, global energy trader.
important to me that ADNOC L&S honors its promise to be the
proud custodian of the nation’s marine heritage. This means
CAPTAIN ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
sustainable business growth, investment in people and
Chief Executive Officer
communities, and protecting our environment, all whilst
delivering value for shareholders and stakeholders. In the
investment case (pages 14-21) and throughout the report,
ADNOC L&S shares examples of how it has delivered on its
strategy while remaining cognizant of its responsibilities to
people and the planet.

===== PAGE 8 =====
12 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 13
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
CEO’s Statement continued
Growth through M&A
During 2024 ADNOC L&S delivered on its growth strategy. The
Navig8 acquisition, announced during the first half of 2024,
closed on 7 January, 2025. An 80% stake in Navig8 for
approximately US$999.3m (AED3.7 billion) was completed with
a contractual commitment to acquire the remaining 20% in
mid-2027. The value-accretive transaction is expected to boost
earnings per share by at least 20% in 2025 compared to 2024,
unlocking US$20m per annum in synergies from 2026. The
transaction adds a modern fleet of 32 tankers and expands its
service portfolio, including commercial pooling and bunkering.
This milestone marks the next phase in the growth journey of
ADNOC L&S, building on the successful integration of ZMI
Holdings (ZMI) while reinforcing its leadership in global energy
maritime logistics. We have high regard for the business that
Navig8 has established and look forward to working with our
new colleagues.
Financial performance
ADNOC L&S has a strong balance sheet, a prudent leverage
policy and has generated free cashflow. In 2024 we delivered
another strong set of financial results. The revenue for ADNOC
L&S for the year 2024 was US$3,549 million, up 29% compared
to the year 2023. EBITDA rose by 31% to US$1,149 million in the
same period driven by robust performance across all business
segments, sustaining EBITDA margins at 32%. Net profit for the
year 2024 was US$756 million, equating to US$0.10 per share,
an increase of 22% compared to the year 2023.
I would also like to take the opportunity to thank our
stakeholders for their support and all of our employees and
contractors, ably led by the management team, for their
continued hard work and commitment.
CAPTAIN ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
Chief Executive Officer
Outlook – more growth to come
ADNOC L&S remains ambitious in its growth plans. To
reflect on our commitment to long-term growth and
strategic expansion we anticipate an additional
investment of US$3 billion+ by 2029, beyond the projects
already announced. Our diverse portfolio of assets,
capabilities and service offerings supports our strategy
of delivering long-term, sustainable growth and returns.
With its financial strength, ADNOC L&S remains poised
for more value accretive growth opportunities and
delivering strong shareholder value. ADNOC L&S is a
business that has: An international presence: expanded
service offerings and capabilities; a blue-chip customer
base; quality assets with long-term contracts; stable
revenue; and visibility of cashflows. There is more growth
to come. We look forward to delivering on our strategy in
2025 and beyond.

===== PAGE 9 =====
14 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 15
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Investment Case
Custodians of
our nations proud
maritime heritage
Through sustainable growth, we are future-proofing our
business. By supporting the next generation of seafarers and
playing our part in the energy transformation, we are helping to
create a more sustainable maritime industry.
People are our
greatest asset
Accelerating
decarbonization
Reasons
to invest

===== PAGE 10 =====
16 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 17
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Investment Case: People
People are our A strong culture of Health
and Safety
100% HSE is at the heart of ADNOC L&S and is a
greatest asset core value that shapes how we protect our people,
assets and environment.
Throughout 2024, the Company’s Total Recordable
The ADNOC L&S People First strategy reflects its commitment to developing a Incident Rate (TRIR) stood at 0.21, a reduction of
80% between 2020 (0.59) and 2024 (0.21), achieved
diverse, inclusive and highly skilled workforce. The Company is also investing
by instilling a strong health and safety culture,
in UAE nationals through plans to recruit graduates, ranging from seafarers implementing new technologies, policies and
and engineers to corporate professionals, via on-the-job training and awareness-raising initiatives.
development programs.
Total Recordable Incident
Many of our young UAE graduates, who participated in the Through highly targeted succession planning strategies, Rate (TRIR) 2024
Trainee Program, have already transitioned to specialized roles diversity frameworks and robust career development
at operational sites. This includes many women who have programs, the Company is successfully building capabilities
embraced the new challenges in their careers with great not just for ADNOC L&S but for the nation as a whole. 0.21
enthusiasm.
Training the next generation
of seafarers
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
To contribute to the evolution of a highly-skilled
The development of a culturally rich and inclusive
workforce in the national maritime ecosystem,
workforce is integral to the sustainability agenda of
ADNOC L&S offers on-the-job training to candidates
the Company.
from maritime colleges around the world through
ADNOC L&S offers on-the-job training to candidates cadetships.
from maritime colleges around the world through
This vocational training is essential, alongside
cadetships. Through its ‘People First’ agenda, the
academic study to graduate. During 2024 the
Company sets out to provide equal opportunities for
Company offered on-board training to over 136
all men, women and 'people of determination1'.
cadets, from 15 nationalities and nearly a fifth of
People of determination: ADNOC L&S creates them were female cadets.
opportunities for people of determination by
The business continues to focus on increasing the
providing individuals with specialist access to
number of female employees, particularly female
personalized skills development and training
seafarers so that the entire business – including in
opportunities that meet their unique needs.
logistics and services – can benefit from a diversity
Women in Leadership Program: ADNOC L&S has of outlooks, attitudes and experiences. Currently, we
rolled out a specialized Women in Leadership have two fully qualified on-ship female seafarers.
Program to promote female representation in
leadership roles.
Youth Committee: Young people represent a 136 Cadets
significant portion of the overall workforce, and due
to their potential as future business leaders, they are
actively encouraged to contribute and make a 15 Nationalities
meaningful contribution to the Company’s future.
This committee is overseen by the CEO.
19% Female
1The UAE refers to people with disabilities as people of determination
In 2024
in recognition of their achievements in different fields.

===== PAGE 11 =====
18 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 19
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Investment Case: Pathway to Growth
5. Inorganic growth
Reasons to invest in
through value-accretive
M&A
In the first year post the ZMI's
ADNOC L&S
acquisition, ADNOC L&S grew the
Investing in the world’s fastest growing energy sector market leading Jack-Up Barges fleet
by 25%, demonstrating the
end-to-end logistics solution provider.
Company’s capacity to integrate and
grow high-quality businesses to
2. Growing with
deliver strong value-accretion to
ADNOC’s ambitious shareholders.
expansion agenda
Immediately post acquisition of 80%
ADNOC L&S aims to be the of Navig8, ADNOC L&S added 20
provider of choice for ADNOC Tankers to Navig8’s Commercial
Group's needs as they grow Pools. The Company sees significant
domestically & internationally. potential to deliver valuable growth
through high-quality acquisitions
ADNOC Group's logistics
and partnerships.
requirements will grow due to
*80% Navig8 acquisition completed on January 7, 2025.
planned doubling of production
and international expansion, with
US$150bn capital expenditure 6. Supporting
already projected. energy transition
Investment into modern energy-
3. Financial strength and efficient vessels, repurposing of
poised for growth vessels, maintaining our fleet and
transporting low-carbon energy
Strong balance sheet, prudent
resources.
leverage policy and robust free
cash flow generation, with target
maximum net debt to EBITDA
Superior Shareholder 6.00
of 2.5x. Returns 5.60
5.20
We are delivering value for our
1. Visible long-term 4. Blue-chip
shareholders by executing our 4.80
revenue streams customer base transformational growth and building
4.40
international scale.
Over 500 years of Strong international client base 4.00
The total shareholder return since IPO
contracted revenue, with with high performance in client
3.60
and until 31 December 2024 was over
over US$25 billion of future retention.
3.20
contracted revenue as at 31 1
2.80
December 2024. 178%
2.40
1Based on the final offer price of AED 2.01 per share 2.00
at IPO to AED 5.43 at 31 December 2024, including
dividend payments of AED16.43 fills over the period. May 31, 2023 December 31, 2024

===== PAGE 12 =====
20 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 21
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Investment Case: AI & Advanced Technology
Accelerating
AI-enabled Integrated Logistics Management
System (ILMS)
decarbonization
ILMS is an AI-enabled tool that helps create
optimal vessel routes and schedules,
improving decision-making and operational
efficiency and abating carbon emissions.
Investing in energy-efficient vessels
Proof-of-concept study completed by
ADNOC AI Labs in 2024. Anticipated scaled
deployment in ILSP from 2027.
5% 60%
increase in fleet optimization – Reduction of delayed material
boosting efficiency across delivery time.
ADNOC L&S fleet.
9%
increase in utilization – ensuring
better deployment of assets.
Projected outcomes of the AI Enabled ILMS
Hybrid power OSV Sea Gliders
ADNOC L&S’ modern fleet uses cutting-edge technology to
A pilot study during 2024 involved installing batteries 100% electric marine vessels used to transport passengers.
increase fuel efficiency and to reduce carbon intensity in line on an offshore support vessel (OSV), abating the use of By replacing the current fixed wings aviation and conventional
conventional fuels. The battery can last for 11 hours. The CO marine passenger transportation assets with Sea Gliders,
with the Company’s sustainability goals. 2
emission reduction potential is 2 tons / hour. The installation which are faster and electric, fuel usage and CO emissions
2
of batteries is expected to mid 2025. can be reduced. The first Sea Glider will be deployed by the
Liquified Natural Gas Carriers
first quarter of 2027 for a pilot study.
• With superior hull form, advanced voyage and trim analytics, dual-fuel capabilities, air
lubrication and other modern features, ADNOC L&S’ LNGCs deliver the best fuel economy 1 1
and lowest emissions in the Company’s global fleet 22 tons 70%
per day
Reduction in CO emissions per battery-run OSV. Reduction in commute time resulting in a lower environmental
Very Large Ethane Carriers and Very Large Ammonia Carriers 2
impact by increasing efficiency, compared to the current
• ADNOC L&S’ VLECs and VLACs are specified to run on energy-efficient dual fuel engines, conventional marine assets.
bolstering the Company’s ability to efficiently transport lower-carbon energy sources,
supporting the energy transformation
1A nticipated savings based on preliminary/ pilot studies on selected vessels.

===== PAGE 13 =====
22 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 23
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Market Overview
Market overview
ADNOC L&S Market Overview: Aging fleet and ton-mile growth
Integrated Logistics: Offshore Support Vessels (OSV) rates Looking ahead, significant fleet replacement due to vessel
remain elevated in the Middle East regions, and in some aging, potentially exacerbated by greater environmental
vessel classes, such as Jack-Up Barges (JUBs) and Anchor- regulations affecting older, less efficient vessels, as well as
Handling Tug Supply (AHTS) vessels, are significantly above ongoing geopolitical disruptions, are likely to remain at the
their long-term historical averages. This is due to robust forefront of market activity. In tanker markets, the Company
utilization rates resulting from strong demand from offshore expects to see greater long-haul activity as production
oil and gas production, as well as other associated offshore growth moves to the Americas and consumption growth
activities, such as EPC work and maintenance of existing remains in the Far East. Furthermore, we expect continued
offshore facilities. strength in the major offshore vessel supporting segments,
as demand for offshore activity continues to outweigh
Shipping: Shipping rates during 2024 remained robust
deliveries of new vessels.
compared to previous years. Geopolitical disruptions
continue to keep the supply-demand balance tight, Gas demand showing signs of robust growth
particularly in tanker markets. Despite a recent softening Furthermore, the global demand for LNG, LPG and clean
due to OPEC+ cuts and weaker-than-expected refinery ammonia trade continues to grow, due to the growing
throughput, rates in 2024 have been robust overall and importance of lower carbon fuels to meet energy transition
considerably above historical rates. targets. Seaborne gas trade is expected to remain
Similarly, Dry-Bulk market rates remained elevated, especially robust in the coming years, forecasted to grow by
approximately 20% above the 10-year average, driven partly more than 10% on a year-on-year basis in 2026 – based on
by trade-route disruptions and strong Chinese demand. volume traded, and 13% on a ton-mile basis. The growing
Charter rates for vessels in the main gas segments have importance of low carbon transition fuels is a primary driver
come under some pressure due to relatively higher order behind ADNOC L&S’ recent investments in sustainable
book ratios to existing fleet sizes compared to other major shipping solutions.
sectors. However, it is worth mentioning that ADNOC L&S’
long-term contractual coverage is mainly focused within this
segment, hence, less exposed to downturns in associated
LNG and LPG charter rates. GDP growth is expected to
reach at least 5% in 2025,
according to the IMF, providing
a positive landscape for
ADNOC L&S."
CAPTAIN ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
Chief Executive Officer

===== PAGE 14 =====
24 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 25
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Business Model
Sustainable
value creation
for stakeholders
ADNOC L&S is laser-focused on
generating sustainable returns Inputs A fully-integrated Value created for our
through the responsible international maritime stakeholders
logistics and services
management of its current
Unique market position business Shareholders
portfolio and careful selection of
A key energy maritime logistics provider Sustained value creation through a
new value-accretive opportunities for the ADNOC Group high-growth, low-risk business model with
a proven superior financial performance
with transformative potential.
International scale
Integrated
Employees
One of the world's leading energy
maritime logistics company1 Logistics Robust career development programs and
highly targeted succession planning
strategies help the Company build capacity
and to develop the next generation
Digitally advanced
World-leading Integrated Logistics
Services Platform (ILSP) Customers
Truly Integrated Logistics offering a wide
range of services and fleet capabilities, and
Our people deploying technology to provide customers
with better, faster and cost-effective
Employees with vast industry experience, Shipping
solutions
technical acumen and commercial
expertise
Community
Effective and transparent communication
Truly integrated offering
with the communities within which ADNOC
One of the largest integrated energy
L&S operates, with a commitment to
supply bases in the region
in-country value creation
Financial Strength Partners and suppliers
Services
Robust balance sheet, strong cash-flow Responsible supply chain management with
generation and earnings visibility through robust procurement processes for vendors
long-term contracting across supply chain
1 by market capitalization

===== PAGE 15 =====
26 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 27
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our Strategy
Transformational
growth
Our growth strategy is defined by four key levers.
1 2 3 4
Grow with ADNOC: Expand service Extend international Enter into
service new growth offering to capture activities and blue- new and relevant 1
and expand service additional business chip client base adjacent verticals
offering with existing clients
Grow with ADNOC:
service new growth
and expand service
1
offering
• Delivering additional value • Internationalizing ILSP • North Africa and GCC are • Continue to deploy
2 in existing services and • Support and partner EPC target markets given cleaner fuels and
maximizing share of contractors on offshore growing offshore energy emissions reduction
2 ADNOC’s logistics spend operations exploration – opportunities projects to deliver
Expand • Logistics and maritime • International Shipping – lie in LNG import terminal equivalent or better
service service provider of choice greater trading activity in infrastructure, JUBs as well outcomes with lower
offering to to ADNOC Dry-Bulk and increase as other offshore marine carbon intensity
capture • Logistically enable international scope in services • Explore opportunities in
4 additional
ADNOC’s growth agenda, tankers and gas business • Successful in venturing to hydrogen vessels,
business
4 including new business Asia – well-positioned to storage and distribution
with existing
Enter into new areas capture energy maritime • Advising clients on
clients
and relevant logistics requirements in decarbonization
adjacent verticals 3 China and Far East – emissions abatement
• Able to leverage ADNOC’s and other solutions
3 relationship and existing
overseas operations to
opportunistically enter new
Extend international
markets
activities and blue-
chip client base

===== PAGE 16 =====
28 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 29
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Key Performance Indicators
Total Recordable Injury Rate Utilization rate – Integrated Logistics Utilization rate – Shipping Returns to shareholders
(per million man-hours worked) (US cents per share)
>92% >95%
0.21 13.56
2024 0.21 2024 >92% 2024 >95% 2024* 13.56
2023 0.18 2023 >92% 2023 >95% 2023 9.68
2022 0.18 2022 >90% 2022 >95% 0
0 0 0
The Company is committed to operating safely and Maintaining high utilization boosts profit sustainably by Maintaining high utilization boosts profit sustainably by ADNOC L&S remains committed to delivering strong
responsibly at all times. Having a positive impact on the optimizing the use of invested funds and the work- optimizing the use of invested funds and the work- profitable growth and attractive shareholder returns.
wellbeing of its employees, contractors and the local delivered per asset. delivered per asset.
Dividends are paid on a semi-annual basis. The Company
communities in which it operates is a priority.
aims to increase annual dividends by at least 5% per
annum, taking the 2023 annualized dividend (US$260
million) as a base.
* 2024 proposed full-year dividend
FY 2024
EBITDA Capital expenditure Cash, cash equivalents
(US$m) (US$m) and liquid investments (US$m)
1,149 811 199
2024 1,149 2024 811 2024 199
2023 876 2023 774 2023 216
2022 453 2022 300 2022 165
0 0 0
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and Investment in the Company's asset base required to ADNOC L&S has a history of stable finances and a strong
amortization. maintain and grow the business. balance sheet due to prudent management of the
business.
ADNOC L&S has increased it’s EBITDA margin from 21% The Company typically invests US$100 – 150m per annum
in 2022 to 32% in both 2023 and 2024, benefiting from in maintenance capital expenditure, with the remainder Cash equivalents and liquid investments: Through an
focus on strong asset utilization, commercial performance focused on value-accretive business growth, targeting active program of margin enhancement and working
operation, and delivering operational efficiencies across unlevered returns on investment in the low double-digits, capital management, the company has significantly
the business. with high single digits targeted for long-term contracted improved its free cash flow delivery, reducing the cost of
(20 years+) shipping assets. finance to the business and increasing available funds for
value-enhancing growth.

===== PAGE 17 =====
30 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 31
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
1
Strategy in Action: Navig8 acquisition
Navig8 acquisition key benefits
Geographical Platform will globalize presence across major continents,
providing global 24/7 execution capabilities
expansion
+ N ext major leg in the ADNOC L&S + E xtension of international
transformational growth plan customer base and deepening of
Building on its acquisition of ZMI in 2022, along with existing customer ties
organic commercial growth, ADNOC L&S has seen
+ E xpected to boost earnings per
tremendous expansion of international presence, now with
share by at least 20% in 2025 + D elivers geographic expansion in
Navig8’s local presence in 15 cities across five continents
compared to 2024 ADNOC L&S service portfolio,
delivering a total of 19 offices globally for the ADNOC L&S.
including commercial pooling and
bunkering
+ A ccess to new and existing
opportunity sets in new markets
+ T ransaction adds modern owned
fleet of 32 tankers
1Navig8 acquisition completed 7 January 2025

===== PAGE 18 =====
32 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 33
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Strategy in Action: Energy efficiency
Strategic Investments in 21 New Energy-efficient Gas Transportation Vessels
Committed to in 2024, along with 340 Years of Contracted Revenue
Advancing
Eight Liquefied Natural Nine Very Large Ethane Four Very Large
Gas Carriers (LNGCs) Carriers (VLECs) Ammonia Carriers
net zero
• Contracted for 20-years on • The world’s largest ethane carriers (VLACs)
delivery • Energy-efficient dual fuel engines • Bolster our ability to transport
In line with ADNOC's accelerated Net Zero by 2045 ambition, • With cutting-edge technologies to and can be powered by ethane or lower carbon-energy sources and
ADNOC L&S has invested in energy-efficient newbuild increase fuel efficiency and to conventional fuels support energy transition
reduce carbon intensity • Delivery expected between • Can be powered by Liquefied
vessels to meet the growing export volumes of in-demand
• Sought after asset classes and 2025-2027 Petroleum Gas or conventional
lower-carbon transition fuels. designs opening up new logistics • Contracted for 20-years on fuels
and new relationships delivery • Potential to generate substantial
• Delivery expected in 2028 revenue streams for ADNOC L&S
• Contracted for 20-years on • Delivery expected between
delivery 2026-2028

===== PAGE 19 =====
34 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 35
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Strategy in Action: Asset expansion
Major growth
in Integrated Logistics
Adding 20 more offshore
support assets
• Nine offshore support vessels (OSVs)
• Six newbuild flat-top cargo barges
• Two accommodation barges
• Three Jack-Up Barges (JUBs) commissioned
All acquired and deployed
Deployment of 19 Jack-Up Barges
(JUBS) in 2024
Through its subsidiary Zakher Marine International
Holdings, ADNOC L&S secured contracts for the
deployment of 19 JUBs

===== PAGE 20 =====
36 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 37
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review
Global and domestic 100+ customers in 50+ countries
coverage
ADNOC L&S ensures a reliable supply of gas, crude oil, oil products
and industry feedstock to local and international customers.
Integrated Logistics (offshore contracting, offshore services and offshore projects)
Offshore contracting Offshore services Offshore projects
• Jetty services and • Cargo and supply • EPC services
operations operations
• Warehousing and material • Dive Support
management Vessels
• Jack-Up Barges
Shipping
• Gas carriers • Crude carriers • Product tankers • Dry-Bulk and container vessels
Marine and onshore services
• Petroleum port operations • Oil spill and Hazardous • Packaging, container
UAE Offices, bases and warehouses in:
• KEZAD warehousing and Noxious Substance terminal operations
material management response services
Mussafah
Ruwais Sharjah
Port of Fujairah Port of
Sharjah Fujairah
Zayed Port
Das Island KEZAD Barakah
KEZAD
Barakah
Das Island Zirku Islan d
Mubarraz Island
Mubarraz
Zirku Island Mussafah
Island
Zayed
Port
Ruwais

===== PAGE 21 =====
38 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 39
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
Integrated Logistics Integrated Logistics model
Our Integrated Logistics Services Platform (ILSP) provides our customers with a vast range of logistics solutions
through one system with a cost-per-metric ton logistics execution, by sharing resources and moving away from the
Integrated Logistics is the largest operating segment in ADNOC L&S, and
conventional asset-leasing model.
includes offshore contracting, offshore services and offshore project activities.
Coordinate, cooperate, integrate
Supply chain Supply and logistics planning Maritime support services
• Warehouse management • Supply and logistics planning • Rig move operations
• Onshore material handling and (drilling and production) • Marine terminal operations
logistics (Mussafah) • Shipping logistics (OSVs • Aids to navigation services
• Offshore material handling and performance management) • Subsea diving
logistics (artificial and natural
islands)
Centralized
services / client
management
Other
customers
Revenue (US$) EBITDA (US$)
ADNOC L&S is one of Advise, tailor, service
the world’s largest fully
$2,281m $687m
integrated, energy For clients and suppliers: For ADNOC L&S:
maritime logistics • Reduction in cost • Unique service offering in the energy supply chain
services providers. • Planned and organized quality of services • Increase in efficiency and competitive edge
• Single point of contact • Closer to net zero, through resource pooling
• Simplified contract management

===== PAGE 22 =====
40 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 41
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
Growth in the deployment of Jack-Up Barges
A powerful strategic driver for the extension of the contracts in the UAE and Saudi Arabia. ZMI also secured a
ADNOC L&S Integrated Logistics segment, ZMI Holdings five-year contract for deploying a JUB in Qatar, with a
(ZMI) was acquired in 2022. It represents an important two-year extension option. Additionally, ZMI secured
part of ADNOC L&S’ strategic value creation and growth three-year contracts this year to deploy eight JUBs, with a
program, and reinforces the Company’s commitment to two-year extension option, to support operations in the
delivering value-accretive growth and driving investment Upper and Lower Zakum fields in the UAE.
in the UAE.
Reflecting its confidence in the asset type, The Company
During 2024, JUBs were among the highest performing acquired three additional shallow water JUBs in 2024 to
asset types in the Integrated Logistics segment. Through its enhance its offerings in the UAE and Saudi Arabia.
subsidiary ZMI, ADNOC L&S secured contracts for the
deployment of 10 JUBs to support EPC contracts in the
UAE and Saudi Arabia, on terms up to one year and with
six-month extension options. These JUBs support EPC

===== PAGE 23 =====
42 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 43
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
ADNOC L&S is one of the world’s largest fully integrated
energy maritime logistics services providers, transporting Hail and Ghasha project delivery
people, materials and equipment essential for developing and In 2022, ADNOC L&S secured a contract for the provision
maintaining vital energy production. of offshore logistics and marine support services as part
of ADNOC Group’s contract with the Hail and Ghasha
Unlocking efficiencies and improving on
development project, which is part of the Ghasha
customer service delivery through
Concession – the world’s largest offshore sour gas
digitalization
development. The concession agreement is a key
Integrated Logistics services AI – enabled technology
component of ADNOC Group’s integrated gas master
The ADNOC L&S Integrated Logistics business expertly plan and an enabler of gas self-sufficiency for the UAE –
manages the intricate coordination of transporting millions of and in serving growing global demand.
tons of critical equipment and resources, overseeing over 80
ADNOC L&S provides, amongst other services, material
offshore sites and hundreds of vessels. It offers an Integrated
supply chain, marine personnel transportation, safety
Logistics Services Platform (ILSP) – a comprehensive offshore
coverage, accommodation services, harbor management,
logistics solution that provides customers with advanced
marine traffic management and island general handling.
planning and resource optimization capabilities through a
single digital interface. This cutting-edge technological By the end of 2024, three islands in Ghasha field were
solution supports vessel movements and service delivery with successfully commissioned with fully fledged drilling
highly detailed planning and optimization capabilities, operations.
addressing the multiple touch points that the global maritime
logistics industry faces.
By leveraging an AI-enabled Integrated Logistics Management
System (ILMS), which supports the ILSP, ADNOC L&S empowers
offshore maritime planners to optimize routes and schedules,
improve operational efficiency and ensure the timely delivery of
energy products, all while reducing manual workload and
enhancing customer satisfaction. The AI-enabled ILMS will Engineering, procurement and 2024 achievements
assist maritime planners in making complex operational construction (EPC) projects • Completed first Engineering, Procurement and
decisions effectively, thereby reducing delivery times.
Al Omairah Island construction project also known as Construction (EPC) Project, 60 Days ahead of schedule
Expansion of owned fleet G-Islands ‘Jabel Dhanna Channel Enhancement’ in Q2 2024, with
As part of its fleet expansion strategy, ADNOC L&S acquired In 2023 ADNOC L&S commenced the construction of a 250,000+ safe man-hours with Zero Lost Time Injuries (LTIs)
and deployed nine offshore support vessels (OSVs), US$975 million artificial island at the Lower Zakum field. The Al • Successfully delivered the mooring system installation
including passenger ferry and crew boats, anchor handling Omairah project provides support to ADNOC Group’s long- project for accommodation barges, supporting the
tug supply vessels, platform supply vessels and multipurpose term objectives to increase oil and gas production and its development of the Hail and Ghasa fields for the EPC
supply vessels. responsibility to meet domestic and global energy demand. joint-venture
Additionally, six newbuild flat-top cargo barges were acquired Additionally, as part of ADNOC Group’s in-country value • Effectively replaced and commissioned three offshore
which will transport equipment and materials to support EPC program, at least 75% of the total contract value for dredging pedestal cranes in Zakum Central and West Complex,
projects. The flat-top cargo barges are expected to be reclamation and marine construction of the island will flow pivotal for platform operation at the Lower Zakum field
delivered in the first quarter of 2025. back into the UAE economy. (Pedestal Crane Replacements project)
The Company also acquired two accommodation barges, each The Al Omairah Island project involves dredging, land
with a capacity to house 300 crew members working at reclamation and marine construction. This initiative represents
offshore production sites. a significant contract for ADNOC L&S and is part of the
Company’s strategy to expand its range of integrated maritime
The Company acquired three additional shallow water JUBs in
services and its proven ability to execute major offshore
2024 to enhance its offerings in the UAE and Saudi Arabia.
engineering, procurement and construction contracts. During
2024 we continued the project with zero Lost Time Injuries (LTI)
across over three million man-hours. The project is ~54%
completed as of end 2024 and, with offshore works steadily
progressing, in line with project deliverables.

===== PAGE 24 =====
44 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 45
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
Expansion of fleet and decarbonization technologies, including a cargo conditioning system designed
to reduce LNG cargo evaporation while in transit, systems to To support the energy transition and to capture the growing
Shipping
direct cargo boil-off gasses to the engines that will increase
demand for the transportation of low-carbon energy, ADNOC
fuel efficiency and decrease fuel consumption, a real-time
L&S invested in strengthening and modernizing its fleet with
emissions monitoring system, and pioneering cargo
Commercial shipping and ship management solutions, including chartering newbuild contracts for up to 21 new energy-efficient vessels,
containment systems to reduce methane emissions.
including eight Liquified Natural Gas Carriers (LNGCs), nine
services for crude oil, refined products, LPG and LNG.
Very Large Ethane Carriers (VLECs) and four Very Large These features will make the carriers among the most fuel-
Ammonia Carriers (VLACs), efficient vessels in the world, strengthening the position of
ADNOC L&S as a leader in maritime decarbonization and
Furthermore, the Company continues to invest in vessel
ADNOC Group’s 2045 Net Zero target.
maintenance and re-purposing vessels to increase the
longevity of the fleet. In November 2024, the first of six LNGCs Very Large Ethane Carriers (VLECs)
from Jiangnan Shipyard in China (ordered in 2022) was
AW Shipping, a joint venture between ADNOC L&S and
delivered two months ahead of schedule, with the remaining
Wanhua Chemical Group, awarded shipbuilding contracts to
five expected to be delivered in 2025 and 2026. Upon delivery, Jiangnan Shipyard in China for the construction of nine Very
the first vessel was hired and chartered by a top-tier global
Large Ethane Carriers (VLECs) priced at approximately US$1.4
energy trader, safely and successfully completing its first
billion (AED5.1 billion). The new vessels will be among the
loading and delivery operation in the Far East.
world’s largest ethane carriers and run on energy-efficient dual
Liquified Natural Gas Carriers (LNGCs) fuel engines. The VLECs will be deployed on 20-year time
charter contracts. Currently, there are more than 25 VLECs in
In July 2024, it was announced that ADNOC L&S had awarded
operation with different shipping companies around the world.
South Korean shipyards Samsung Heavy Industries and
Upon receiving the nine new vessels, AW Shipping will own one
Hanwha Ocean up to US$2.5 billion (AED 9.2 billion)
of the world’s largest fleets of VLECs. The VLECs have a
shipbuilding contracts for the construction of new Liquified
carrying capacity of 99,000 cubic meters each and can be
Natural Gas Carriers (LNGCs) as part of the Company’s
powered by ethane or conventional fuels. They are scheduled
transformational growth strategy and fleet expansion plans.
for delivery between 2025-2027.
Samsung Heavy Industries and Hanwha Ocean were each
Very Large Ammonia Carriers (VLACs)
awarded shipbuilding contracts for the construction of four
firm vessels with the option of an additional one. The vessels AW Shipping also awarded shipbuilding contracts to Jiangnan
are expected to be delivered in 2028 and will be time chartered Shipyard for the construction of four VLACs priced at
to ADNOC Group subsidiaries for a period of 20 years to approximately US$500 million (AED1800 million). The new
support the growing export volumes of natural gas as an vessels will be among the world’s largest ammonia carriers and
in-demand critical lower-carbon transitional fuel. The new run on energy-efficient dual fuel engines. The VLACs have a
vessels will increase the Company’s fleet of LNGCs from 14 to carrying capacity of 93,000 cubic meters each for ammonia
at least 22 vessels. and can be powered by liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) or
conventional fuels. They are scheduled for delivery between
These LNGCs will employ cutting-edge technology to increase
2026-2028. The VLACs are not yet contracted and are targeted
fuel efficiencies and carbon intensity reductions in line with the
to serve the emerging ammonia transportation market.
Company’s sustainability goals and will open new
opportunities for customer and geographical expansion while
unlocking increased value for our shareholders. The LNGCs
will each have a capacity of 174,000 cubic meters and feature
MEGA and XDF2.2 engines, which will produce the best fuel
economy and lowest emissions in the Company’s global fleet.
The vessels will feature cutting-edge sustainability
Revenue (US$) EBITDA (US$)
ADNOC L&S Shipping is heavily
involved in supporting ADNOC
$956m $396m
Group’s ability to deliver cleaner
energy products to global
markets, particularly ammonia.

===== PAGE 25 =====
46 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 47
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
Tankers Containers
The ADNOC L&S tanker fleet consists of eight Very Large As of 31 December, 2024, the container side of the Shipping
Crude Carriers (VLCC). These all have eco-design hull forms segment fleet comprised three feeder vessels, all of which are
and fitted with exhaust gas scrubbers or LNG dual fuel. Eight engaged with ADNOC L&S sister company Borouge under a
LR2 and four LR1 tankers underpin the global transportation of term contract, supporting the movement of 3.94 MT of
clean petroleum products for ADNOC and other blue-chip containerized cargo from Ruwais to Khalifa Port and Jebel Ali
customers. Four MarineLine coated, methanol-ready MR for subsequent export from the UAE.
tankers will be long-term chartered in 2026 to support the
growing petrochemicals infrastructure under construction in
Abu Dhabi. Two MR tankers and two small chemical tankers are
dedicated to covering all of ADNOC Distribution’s marine The new vessels will be among
transportation requirements across the UAE. The Company’s
the world’s largest ammonia
fleet of tankers increased upon the closing of the acquisition
of Navig8, which add over 32 modern and eco-oriented carriers and run on energy-
vessels comprising MRs, LR1s, LR2s, one VLCC and one
efficient dual fuel engines. The
bunker tanker.
VLACs have a carrying capacity
Dry-Bulk
of 93,000 cubic meters each for
As of 31 December, 2024, this business wholly owned nine
Bulk Carriers, comprising four Ultramax, four Supramax, one ammonia and can be powered by
Handysize and three long-term chartered Ultramax (a further
Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) or
Ultramax has been chartered-in and is due to be delivered in
January 2025). The vessels will operate globally on six conventional fuels."
continents. The four modern Ultramax third-party vessels are
CAPTAIN ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
chartered-in for three-year period charters delivering Q4 2024
Chief Executive Officer
and Q1 2025, growing the operated fleet to support ADNOC
Group and Third Party client activities. The owned Dry Bulk fleet
carried 4.4 million metric tons (M MT) of cargo in 2024 over 109
voyages (69% of voyages were for non-ADNOC cargoes). The
third party chartered vessels (period and trip charters) carried
6.8M MT of cargo on 131 chartered-in vessels.

===== PAGE 26 =====
48 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 49
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Operations Review continued
Marine Services UAE waters and ensure the sustainability of the oil and gas
sector. In 2024, ADNOC L&S led a comprehensive knowledge- Marine Services is a cornerstone of operational excellence and
Services
sharing initiative, training over 300 individuals, including
environmental stewardship, with a focus on marine terminal
ADNOC employees and external participants, in OS and HNS
operations and protecting the environment and assets.
Response preparedness. As a forward-thinking corporate
Marine and onshore services, including terminal operations, vessel traffic Equipped with a cutting-edge fleet and innovative technology,
citizen, ADNOC L&S is fostering a culture of responsibility and
the Marine Services segment strengthens the logistical
management and Oil Spill (OS) and Hazardous and Noxious Substances (HNS) innovation that will drive long-term sustainability across the
capabilities of ADNOC L&S while safeguarding the marine
response in the UAE. environment with industry-leading OS and HNS services. UAE and beyond. Furthermore, in 2024, there a was significant
focus on operational excellence, setting the stage for
The Marine Services segment's comprehensive OS and HNS
international expansion. Marine Services implemented the
response services capabilities are the largest and most
region’s first AI-based system, seamlessly integrating the
advanced in the Middle East.
entire ecosystem-from the control tower and Vessel Traffic
In 2024, Marine Services delivered exceptional results, Information Service (VTIS) team to field operations-connecting
including a substantial increase in vessel utilization and US$2.6 agents, shipowners, operational team and terminals. This
million in fuel savings while handling increased volumes innovation has driven automation, enhanced operational
compared to the 2020 baseline. Marine Services also reduced efficiency and unlocked significant cost savings through
over 4,369 tons of CO₂ emissions in 2024 compared to 2023. machine learning and data-driven optimization.
With world-class safety standards, to-date Marine Services
These achievements have been complemented by 100% HSE,
achieved 12.66 million man-hours without a Lost Time Injury,
strategic fleet upgrades and a relentless focus on customer
while fostering a safety-first culture that drove a 230%
satisfaction, ensuring that the Company remains at the forefront
increase in safety observations.
of industry excellence and continues to exceed expectations.
The Company's pioneering deployment of the region’s first
Onshore Services
AI-powered system deployed at marine terminal operations
The Onshore Services business segment primarily serves the
has driven efficiencies, cost optimization and real-time
ADNOC petrochemical supply chain, specifically polymer
decision-making. Supported by strategic fleet enhancements
exports. The existing activities include product bagging lines at
and unwavering customer focus, these milestones solidify the
plant, supported by a dedicated 900,000 Twenty-foot equivalent
Company's position as a leader in industry innovation and ESG,
unit (TEU) Container Terminal and a global gateway hub at KEZAD.
setting the stage for continued growth and impact.
Collectively, these activities complement each other by creating a
Fleet Upgrade and Business Expansion seamless loop with the ADNOC L&S container feeder ships
ADNOC L&S is committed to continuously upgrading its fleet moving exports from the plants in Ruwais to export hubs in Khalifa
so they are fuel-efficient and with the latest technologies. This Port and Jebel Ali. In addition, Onshore Services also serves
includes the delivery of best-in-class and purpose-built other ADNOC Group Companies with their supply chain and
vessels for Tier 1 and Tier 2 OS and HNS Response. logistics requirements through a mix of products, services
Additionally, in support of Made in UAE and enhancing local advisory for infrastructure developments and logistics solutions
ICV, the Company purchased locally-built 60-ton BP ASD Tugs. catering to existing and future supply chain demands, as
Buoy maintenance vessels were also purchased with delivery circumstances require.
in Q1 in 2025. Four existing pilot boats will be replaced with
In 2024, the business packaged a total of 5,121,601 MT at the
newer and more energy-efficient vessels within the next two
Ruwais bagging lines. In addition, the Ruwais Container Terminal
years.
handled a total of 683,879 TEU that carried 3,936,431 MT of
With a solid operational foundation, ADNOC L&S is expanding exports on ADNOC L&S feeders. The UAE gateway at KEZAD
beyond ADNOC, securing Tier 1 and Tier 2 OSR agreements handled a total of 4,24,933 MT in 2024 across the warehousing
with new clients, and diversifying into new business streams, and terminal services at Khalifa Port. In parallel to the polymer
including external training programs. These initiatives signal supply chain activities, the business worked with the ADNOC
Revenue (US$) EBITDA (US$)
2024 saw significant focus on the start of an exciting growth trajectory, opening new Group to assess existing Maintenance & Repair Operations (MRO)
markets, expanding our service offerings and leveraging inventories across Upstream and Downstream businesses with
operational excellence, setting
cutting-edge technologies to meet the evolving demands of the aim to integrate the warehouse and material logistics
$312m $56m
the stage for international
the global energy sector. Marine Services is poised to take the operations. The assessment has provided value optimization
expansion. next big leap—delivering unparalleled value to our potential for execution in 2025. Lastly, the port and terminal
shareholders, creating new opportunities for society, and division has worked closely with the TA’ZIZ business development
contributing to a sustainable and prosperous future. team in 2024 to support value engineering of the new TA’ZIZ Port
and terminal development.
Enhanced skills development to drive sustainability
across the UAE
The Marine Services segment is not only focused on business
growth but also on advancing skills development to protect

===== PAGE 27 =====
50 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 51
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
CFO’s Statement
Financial Performance Offshore Projects
Financial strength to In it’s first full year post-listing, ADNOC L&S has delivered Revenue increased 294% to US$620 million for FY 2024, from
remarkable growth in revenue and profitability, setting new US$157 million in FY 2023. The increase was mainly driven by
records across business segments. The remarkable growth is various Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC)
the result of successful and advanced implementation of the projects’ progress, particularly the contribution of the G-Island
continue creating value Company's strategic growth initiatives coupled with a strong project (54.2% completion rate).
market environment for much of the year across key EBITDA increased 420% to US$54 million for FY 2024, from
segments, and a relentless focus on operating efficiency. US$10 million for FY 2023 due to same factors impacting
The Company recorded outstanding growth for the period, revenue.
increasing revenues by 29% to US$3,549 million year-on-year. Shipping
The company delivered 31% EBITDA growth to US$1,149
Dry-Bulk and Tankers markets delivered strong rates in the first
million over the same period, with EBITDA margins steady at
half of the year, reducing in line with typical seasonal effects in
32%. Net profit delivered was 22% higher than 2023 at
Q3 but remaining low until the end of the year, driven by a
US$756 million.
deteriorating macroeconomic environment and market
ADNOC L&S's strategic decisions, rapid delivery of growth uncertainties.
initiatives against identified opportunities, and operational
Tankers
enhancements and efficiencies have propelled our financial
The first full-year since the well-timed addition of four new
performance to new highs, reinforcing our position as a major
dual-fuel Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs) in 2023
global force in energy chain end-to-end integrated logistics.
significantly boosted performance in the Tankers segment.
An outstanding year for We are proud to report that each business segment
Revenue increased 27% to US$517 million for FY 2024, from
ADNOC L&S financially, contributed robustly to the financial success of 2024.
US$407 million FY 2023. This growth primarily resulted from
delivering a platform for Integrated Logistics higher charter rates for Tankers for most part of the year; four
The Company delivered higher transported volumes across newbuild modern dual fuel VLCCs added to the fleet delivered
transformative growth
energy logistics, with outstanding contributions from the in 2023; increased tonne-miles driven by geopolitical tensions
while setting new highs in Jack-Up Barges (JUBs) fleet, due to growth, higher rates, and impacting shipping voyage distances (reducing availability)
shareholder value improved utilization. The ongoing delivery of projects such as and hence also rates.
G-Island and Hail & Ghasha along with OSV fleet expansion
delivery." EBITDA increased 51% to US$240 million for FY 2024, from
drove top-line growth and profitability in the GCC and newly-
US$159 million in FY 2023, due to the same factors impacting
entered markets such as West Africa and the USA.
revenue.
Offshore Contracting
Gas Carriers
Revenue increased 14% to US$1,108 million for FY 2024, from
The number of voyage days decreased in 2024 from the prior
US$975 million in FY 2023.
year due to a lower level of charter-in activity. In November the
The growth was driven by higher volumes and activity rates Company took delivery of the Al Shelila, the first of the fleet of
across business lines; increased utilization and average rates six LNG Carrier (LNGC) newbuildings underway at Jiangnan
on Jack-Up Barges (JUBs); along with growth investments in shipyard, over two months ahead of schedule. She was placed
2023 adding 25% to the JUB fleet and accelerated Hail & on charter with a market-leading oil trader on delivery,
Ghasha project also contributed to the substantial period-on- contributing positively to Q4 results.
period growth.
Revenue decreased 12% to US$153 million for FY 2024, from
EBITDA increased 17% to US$498 million for FY 2024, from US$174 million in FY 2023. The decrease was mainly driven by
US$424 million for FY 2023 due to same factors impacting the cessation of spot charter-in operations, and technical
revenue. off-hire days in Q1 2024. These off-hire days were a result of
the planned dry dock of three owned LNG carriers, as well as
Offshore Services
one chartered-in carrier, Sohar LNG, during 2024; partially
Revenue increased 10% to US$553 million for FY 2024, from
offset by the deployment of the newly acquired VLGC from the
US$501 million in FY 2023. The growth was mainly driven by
end of Q1 2024.
the increased utilization and average rates as well as expansion
in owned fleet in addition to the volumes transported. EBITDA decreased 14% to US$87 million for FY 2024, from
US$101 million for FY 2023 due to same factors impacting
EBITDA increased 45% to US$135 million for FY 2024, from
revenue.
US$93 million for FY 2023 due to same factors impacting
revenue.

===== PAGE 28 =====
52 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 53
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
CFO’s Statement continued
Dry-Bulk and Containers Dividend Policy
Revenue increased 11% to US$287 million for FY 2024, from ADNOC L&S remains committed to delivering strong profitable
US$258 million in FY 2023, mainly driven by higher charter rates. growth and attractive shareholder returns. In line with its
approved dividend policy, the Board of Directors approved an
EBITDA increased 15% to US$69 million for FY 2024, from
interim cash dividend of US$136.5 million for H1 2024,
US$60 million in FY 2023, driven by the same factors impacting
equivalent to 6.78 fils per share, that was paid to shareholders
revenue.
on 31 October 2024. The Board of Directors endorsed a cash
Services
dividend of US$136.5 million for H2 2024, equivalent to 6.78
Solid growth in the Services segment was propelled by the fils per share (subject to AGM approval), that will be paid to
reallocation of the Onshore business activities into Services, shareholders in April 2025.
increased volumes in our petroleum ports and onshore
In line with the Board-approved progressive dividend policy,
terminal operations, and a new Marine Terminal Operations
the Company aims to increase annual dividends by at least 5%
contract contributing from January 2024.
p.a over the medium term, taking the 2023 annualized dividend
Revenue was up 10% to US$312 million for FY 2024, from (US$260 million) as a base.
US$284 million in FY 2023. This was driven by increased
Growth Financing Strategy
volumes in petroleum ports and onshore terminal operations.
Along with our stated financing policy of targeting 2.0 – 2.5x Net
EBITDA increased 26% to US$56 million for FY 2024, from
Debt: EBITDA over the long run, the Company further
US$44 million in FY 2023, driven by higher activity levels in
announced a significant increased its capital expenditure
petroleum port and onshore terminal operations coupled with
guidance, reflecting its commitment to long-term growth and
one-off other income for liquidated damages recovered on
strategic expansion. We now see financial capacity to realize
late deliveries of Tail Back Boats for petroleum port operations.
another $3bn of shareholder value-accretive investments, as a
Hybrid Capital Instrument (HCI) (subsequent event) result of our strong delivered post-dividend cash flows and
On 8 January 2025 ADNOC L&S announced the signing of a efficient financial structuring We maintain a strict governance
US$1.3-2.0 billion HCI. The Company drew US$1.1 billion process over investments to ensure value-accretion to Transaction Overview
against the HCI in Q1 2025, leaving US$0.9 billion capacity shareholders with target unlevered internal rates of return
available to be drawn until 31 December 2026, to fund typically in the low double digits (risk-adjusted). This includes
announced or new value-accretive investments. The first multi-layer assessment and approval of investments along with • Global maritime operator with commercial Shipping pools and a modern
drawdown against the HCI is priced at SOFR+125bps and is post-investment analysis of value realization against initial plan. high-quality fleet of 32 tankers
repayable at ADNOC L&S’ discretion. The Company is performing highly on realization and • Service offerings include bunkering, technical management, commercial pooling,
outperformance of historic targeted investment returns,
environmental and digital solutions and market analytics
This equity financing underpins the Company’s ability to
exemplified by the growth in EBITDA margins and profitability.
finance it’s announced investment commitments of over • Initial acquisition of an 80% stake for c. US$999.3m cash consideration
Outlook
US$6.0 billion since IPO, within a targeted Net Debt: EBITDA
range of 2.0 – 2.5x. The ZMI acquisition bolstered our offering of JUB’s and
complemented our integrated logistics business. Navig8 Deal Economics
Completion of the Navig8 acquisition
complements our shipping business. Both platforms have
(subsequent event) • Remaining 20% stake to be acquired in June 2027 (minimum of c. US$0.34bn with
allowed the business to diversify its service offerings, enter new
potential c. US$0.11bn uplift subject to financial performance over 2024E-2026E)
Following the announcement on the agreement to acquire 80%
markets and bolster its client base. In combination with our
Implied Enterprise Value of c. US$2.0bn (on a 100% basis) equating to a 4.9x
of Navig8 on the 3 June 2024, ADNOC L&S obtained necessary
focus on long-term contracted revenues, with over 400 years of
CY23A EV/EBITDA
regulatory approvals and completed the acquisition on
contract cover securing over $25bn revenues as at
7 January 2025 for US$999.3 billion, with economic ownership • Transaction expected to be at least 20% EPS accretive in 2025 and to deliver a
31 December 2024, which provide revenue stability and
effective from January 1, 2024. The Company will acquire the low double-digit unlevered IRR
cashflow visibility, our efficient and risk-appropriate capital
remaining 20% ownership in mid-2027, for deferred structure and high-quality international asset platform, and a • Bargain gain to be recognized in Q1 2025 for ADNOC L&S amounting to US$8.3m
consideration of between US$335 million and US$450 million
further US$3+ billion growth investments (to 2029), position the
dependent on EBITDA delivery ad-interim, payable at that time.
Company well for the next phase of value-accretive growth.
This value-accretive acquisition is expected to boost ADNOC
L&S’ earnings per share by at least 20% in 2025 compared to
2024 and will unlock significant value of at least US$20 million NICHOLAS GLEESON Hybrid Capital Financing (HCI)
in synergies per annum from 2026. Chief Financial Officer • Efficiently priced equity – perpetual capital instrument – significantly extending
value-accretive investment capacity within targeted 2.5x Net Debt: EBITDA
• Approximately $1.1bn was drawn in February 2025 primarily to finance the 80%
Navig8 acquisition

===== PAGE 29 =====
54 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 55
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholder
Forging strong
relationships
Governments and Shareholders / Investors
regulatory bodies / Finance Providers
How we create value How we create value
ADNOC L&S is dedicated to building robust relationships
with its diverse stakeholders. In 2024, the Company made ADNOC L&S is part of the ADNOC Group (wholly owned Our objective is to deliver outstanding returns on
by the Abu Dhabi government). We focus on creating long-term investment based on a sustainable platform
significant strides in creating value for governments,
economic and social opportunities for our nation. for growth, disciplined approach to capital allocation
shareholders, customers, employees, business partners ADNOC L&S complies with all laws and regulations and cash returns through dividends.
of the UAE and the 50+ countries in which we serve.
and local communities. Through strategic acquisitions,
technological advancements and expansion of services,
How we engage How we engage
ADNOC L&S has solidified its position as a leading energy
maritime logistics company. We continue to look for new and innovative ways to We have regular dialogue with investors and
maximize the value of Abu Dhabi’s natural resources shareholders through: investor webinars and financial
while supporting key national agendas, including the results presentations, all material news is published via
UAE’s Net Zero Strategy, the Abu Dhabi Economic Regulatory News Services (RNS), the Annual Report and
Vision 2030 and the and IMO 2023 GHG Strategy. Company website, the Annual General Meeting and a
combination of one-to-one and larger group meetings.
Governments and Shareholders /
Value created in 2024 Value created in 2024
regulatory bodies Investors / Finance
Providers • We are proud to support the local economy through • Held over 230 investor meetings during 2024
our In-Country Value Enhancement Program, which
• Attended over nine conferences globally
contributed more than US$260 million in 2024
• Over 400 investor touchpoints, including conference
• Invested in technology and AI to enhance
calls, fire side chats, conference attendances and panel
decarbonization through:
debate discussions
– New build contracts for 21 new energy-efficient
vessels in 2024, including LNGCs, VLECs and VLACs
– Integrate AI-enabled ILMS for enhanced fuel efficiency
Customers Employees and optimized operations achieving 60% reduction of >230 9+
delayed material delivery and reduction in carbon
investor meetings during global
emissions in Integrated Logistics
2024 conferences
– Using real-time data analysis for quick resource
deployment and instant tracking for Petroleum Port
Operations, reducing carbon emissions by over 20%
without fleet changes
400+
investor touchpoints
Newbuild contracts Carbon emissions reduced
for by over
Business Partners, Local
suppliers and communities 21 20%
vendors
new energy-efficient vessels for petroleum ports
operations

===== PAGE 30 =====
56 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 57
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Stakeholder Engagement continued
Customers Employees Business partners, Local
suppliers and vendors communities
How we create value How we create value How we create value How we create value
ADNOC L&S is a global energy maritime logistics The ADNOC L&S People-First strategy reflects its The Company's business relationships with suppliers, We are committed to supporting local businesses,
company that aims to deliver exceptional experiences by commitment to developing a diverse, inclusive and service providers and vendors are subject to regular residents, and the wider public. Our goal is to be a positive
providing fully Integrated Logistics, Shipping and marine highly skilled workforce. The Company is also investing review and consideration through vendor due diligence presence providing responsible and sustainable
and onshore services to over 100 customers in more than in UAE nationals through an ambitious plan to recruit and active contracts management. development, resulting in value for local communities as
50 countries. graduates, ranging from seafarers and engineers to well as for our shareholders. We create opportunities for
corporate professionals, via on-the-job training and people, communities, and economies to thrive – by
development programs. investing in energy production, increasing energy access,
enhancing economic growth, and social impact. This
aligns with ADNOC's goal of Empowering Lives.
How we engage How we engage How we engage How we engage
We use state-of-the-art customer relations management We undertake an annual employee survey. Staff receive Strengthen collaboration with stakeholders and Our support takes many forms, both financial and
tools to stay in close contact with our clients, reaching training on a variety of topics and are kept informed ensure transparency, accounting and reporting. non-financial. Employee volunteering, work experience
out and evaluating their feedback, and exploring ways of business activities through town hall meetings and Achieve high code of conduct compliance and opportunities and building open days all contribute to
to be better at what we do. our intranet. uphold business ethics and integrity. establishing and maintaining effective connections.
ADNOC L&S creates opportunities for people of Engage with suppliers on sustainability awareness.
determination1 by providing individuals with specialist
Ensure compliance with the ADNOC Group Supplier
Value created in 2024 access to personalized skills development and training
and Partner Code of Ethics.
opportunities that meet their unique needs. Our
• We acquired Navig8, an international Shipping pool ‘Women in Leadership’ Program helps to promote female
operator and commercial management company representation in leadership roles. Young people Value created in 2024
with a modern-owned fleet of over 32 tankers and represent a significant portion of the overall workforce.
a presence in 15 cities across five continents We have set up a Youth Committee to actively empower • We are proud to support the local economy through
• We expanded our Integrated Logistics by adding 20 younger generations to make meaningful contributions to our In-Country Value Enhancement Program, which
Offshore Assets including JUBs and updating our the Company's future. The committee is overseen by the contributed more than US$260 million in 2024
platform with AI-enabled software to offer a better, CEO.
faster and more efficient Integrated Logistics service
• We invested in a newbuild fleet for up to 21 new
energy-efficient vessels in 2024, including LNGCs, Value created in 2024
VLECs and VLACs offering our customers new
• Initiated a culture program to develop high
services to transport lower carbon fuels
performance and accountability
Value created in 2024
• Ongoing staff training, development and wellbeing
program for employees • In addition to our ICV Program, we also play an active
role in offering regular placements to school and college
• During 2024 the Company offered on-board training
students in our Winter Work Placement initiative, and
to over 136 cadets, from 15 nationalities and about a
student-internship opportunities in various departments
fifth of them were female cadets
• We are committed to providing a strong Health, Safety,
and Environment (HSE) culture for all our employees,
contractors and suppliers. Throughout 2024, the
US$260+ million
Company’s Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) stood
at 0.21, a reduction of 80% between 2020 (0.59) and contributed to our In-Country Value
2024 (0.21), achieved by instilling a strong HSE culture, Enhancement Program
and implementing new technologies, policies and
awareness-raising initiatives
1Description to be supplied.

===== PAGE 31 =====
58 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 59
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Sustainability Summary
Sustainability summary
The UAE's maritime sector is a testament to resilience and innovation.
Sustainability leadership statement All these vessels can operate on fuels that produce
ADNOC L&S is at the forefront of this transformation, driving sustainable considerably less emissions than conventional Heavy
Today's pressing environmental issues demand proactive
practices across the industry. and decisive action. ADNOC L&S rises to this challenge with Fuel Oil (HFO) and represent the momentum needed to
support energy transition efforts.
a clear sustainability vision, aligning its operations with
national and global climate goals. This commitment solidifies Our commitment to AI-enabled technology extends to
its leadership in redefining the future of maritime logistics. the development of autonomous and remotely operated
vessels, designed for versatile and efficient maritime
Stewards of the sea
operations. These vessels enhance operational efficiency
ADNOC L&S has made significant strides in accelerating
and reduce the need for multiple specialized vessels,
decarbonization within the maritime logistics sector,
contributing to a lower environmental footprint and
achieving a 2024 reduction in its ocean-going fleet's
supporting the Company's sustainability goals.
carbon intensity by more than 11% from the previous
Furthermore, ADNOC L&S is dedicated to enhancing the
year, and a remarkable 56% reduction since 2019. This
skills of our workforce, which comprises over 11,000
accomplishment serves as a powerful testament to the
individuals and 3,400 seafarers. We are proud to support
company's unwavering commitment to measurable
the local economy through our In-Country Value
progress and tangible results.
Enhancement Program, which contributed more than
Our strategic investments are aimed at setting new global
US$260 million in 2024. As ADNOC L&S continues to
benchmarks for sustainable Shipping practices,
expand its influence across global markets, its focus
demonstrating the Company's leadership in driving the
remains unwavering: to lead the transformation of the
industry towards a greener future. With four LNG dual-fuel
maritime industry into a model of sustainability, resilience,
Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCC) already delivered in
and innovation, redefining what is possible for
2023, in 2024 we signed newbuild contracts for up to 23
generations to come.
efficient vessels, including 8-10 new dual-fuel LNG
carriers, nine dual-fuel Very Large Ethane Carriers (VLEC)
and four dual-fuel Very Large Ammonia Carriers (VLAC).
Our rich maritime heritage collaborate with stakeholders to foster lasting progress. We are
decarbonizing and diversifying energy – by innovating to rapidly As ADNOC L&S continues to
The UAE's maritime sector is deeply woven into the nation's
reduce emissions from today’s energy, partnering to build the
fabric, evolving from a rich pearl-diving past to a modern expand its influence across
future of energy, and providing leadership to the global industry.
global logistics hub. As we continue Empowering Lives,
global markets, our focus
ADNOC L&S proudly carries this legacy, merging time-honored ADNOC L&S aligns its operations with the ADNOC Group's vision
traditions with cutting-edge technology to help forge a and the UAE's sustainability priorities, positioning itself as a remains unwavering: to lead
sustainable future for this vital industry. standard-bearer for a greener maritime ecosystem. By integrating
the transformation of the
advanced digital solutions, modernizing its fleet and championing
The UAE's waters are not merely trade routes; they represent
low-carbon innovations, the Company is Powering Possible maritime industry into a model
resilience, innovation and a shared responsibility for
environmental stewardship. The Company embraces this and seeking to demonstrate how the industry can thrive while of sustainability, resilience,
safeguarding the planet.
ethos, extending its commitment beyond operational and innovation."
excellence by actively championing sustainability and ADNOC L&S strives to integrate sustainability into its core
supporting the UAE's ambitious environmental goals. operations and values, reflecting a deep commitment to both CAPTAIN ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
progress and environmental stewardship. Through strategic Chief Executive Officer
As a global leader in maritime logistics, the Company
investments in clean technologies and collaborative efforts
recognizes its pivotal role in advancing net zero by reducing
with stakeholders, the Company can not only drives innovation
emissions, investing in technologies and collaborating with
in maritime logistics but also sets a benchmark for a greener
stakeholders to foster lasting progress. This drives our efforts
future.
to reduce emissions, invest in clean technologies and

===== PAGE 32 =====
60 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 61
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Sustainability Summary continued
Sustainability governance The Committee’s key objectives include:
ADNOC L&S is committed to a robust and comprehensive • Reviewing and approving the Company’s sustainability
Sustainability highlights
sustainability governance framework that aligns with the policies, targets and performance indicators
broader goals of the ADNOC Group. This framework ensures • Monitoring and evaluating sustainability risks and
that sustainability is integrated into every aspect of the opportunities
Company's operations, fostering a culture of responsibility and
• Supporting compliance with relevant sustainability
environmental stewardship. standards and regulations Carbon Intensity Ethics In-Country Value Total ICV Committed
Aside from the Annual Report, the ADNOC L&S Sustainability Value (US$)
• Engaging and communicating with internal and external
Report 2024 is the second in our series, prepared in
stakeholders on sustainability matters
accordance with the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX)
Committee members are expected to actively participate in 11.4% 99% 41% 260m
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Guidelines. This
meetings, contribute expertise, advocate for sustainability
report aligns with the ADNOC Group's 2030 Sustainability decrease in carbon intensity Overall completion of the in 2024 in 2024
across the organization and stay updated on the latest
Strategy and the United Nations Sustainable Development since 2023.* Annual Code of Conduct
sustainability trends and best practices.
Goals (UN SDGs), in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative trainings
(GRI) Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Sustainability is deeply embedded across various divisions,
Board (SASB), reflecting our commitment to transparency and with designated subject matter experts advancing specific
accountability in our sustainability efforts. initiatives. This decentralized approach allows for tailored
solutions that address the unique needs of each business unit,
Published annually, the report is overseen by the Sustainability
ensuring sustainability is a shared responsibility across the
Committee and approved by the Executive Management. Training Next Total Recordable Injury Health, Safety and Emiratization Rate
organization.
Following its completion, it informs stakeholders about our Generation of Seafarers Rate (TRIR) Emergency Response
sustainability framework, performance and data. Stakeholder engagement is a cornerstone of our sustainability Training
efforts. We maintain open communication with investors,
Sustainability Committee
customers, employees and local communities to gather
The Sustainability Committee, established in 2023, plays a insights and feedback, aligning our sustainability initiatives 136 0.21 ~6000 47.7%
pivotal role in advancing the Company's sustainability strategy.
with stakeholder expectations and needs.
Cadets in 2024 Hours of additional training in 2024
Comprising senior management, including the CEO, CFO, VP
since 2023
Strategy and Excellence, VP Health, Safety, and Environment 19% female trained
(HSE), VP Investor Relations, VP Corporate Communication, in 2024
and SVP Offshore Logistics, the committee meets at least
quarterly or as required by the CEO. * Carbon intensity measured as Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) (gCO2/dwt.nm)
ADNOC Group alignment
As a leading player in the maritime industry, ADNOC L&S
Sustainability Committee structure Aligned with ADNOC
recognizes its role in global GHG emissions and is committed
The Sustainability Committee comprises the following
to reducing the carbon intensity of its operations. Group's 2030 Sustainability
Company executives (each a ‘Member’):
We are dedicated to achieving a 25% reduction in operational Strategy, Net Zero by 2045
emissions intensity by 2030 and are advancing towards Net
ambition and the UAE's Net
Zero by 2045, in line with the ADNOC Group’s sustainability
targets. Our strategic approach involves mitigating climate Zero by 2050, ADNOC L&S
risks, investing in sustainable projects and adopting
is dedicated to reducing
environmentally efficient technologies.
CEO
environmental impact and
By aligning our efforts with ADNOC Group's 2030
Sustainability Strategy, we are committed to providing fostering sustainable
responsible, lower-carbon energy, contributing to the UAE’s practices across its
strategic vision and supporting sustainable economic
operations.
development.
Our comprehensive approach, anchored through well-
SVP Offshore VP Investor VP Corporate VP Strategy and
CFO VP HSE established HSE standards, guides us in achieving our
Logistics Relations Communications Excellence
sustainability goals across short, medium and long-term
horizons, reinforcing our leadership in environmental
stewardship.

===== PAGE 33 =====
62 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 63
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Sustainability Summary continued
Sustainability Sustainability goals and Material UN SDGS 2024 achievements
strategic pillars commitments topics
• Align with ADNOC 2045 and • Energy • New build contracts for up to 23 new
UAE 2050 net-zero ambition, and Efficiency energy-efficient vessels in 2024,
IMO 2023 GHG Strategy • Emission including LNGCs, VLECs, and VLACs.
Climate, • Attain CII compliance across all Reduction • Integrate AI-enabled ILMS for enhanced
emissions and vessels • Energy fuel efficiency and optimized operations
environment • Support clients with low-carbon Transition achieving 60% reduction of delayed
fuel solutions and renew fleet for • Low-carbon material delivery time and reduction in
energy efficiency Fuels carbon emissions in Integrated
Logistics
• Accelerate energy transition and • Ocean Health
pathways to low-carbon fuel • Using real-time data analysis for quick
resource deployment and instant
tracking for Petroleum Port Operations,
reducing carbon emissions by over
20% without fleet changes.
• Achieve TRIR and all the HSE • HSE Culture • Achieved Total Recordable Injury Rate
KPIs in accordance with high Rules (TRIR) of 0.21
HSE standards • Waste • Achieved Oil Spill Response
Health, safety and • Promote HSE awareness Management Accreditation from the Nautical Institute
asset integrity program • Organized Oil Spill and Hazardous
Noxious Substance (HNS) Response
Workshop and Launched NORM
management project for enhanced
environmental stewardship
• Repurposed 20 tons of scrap to
fabricate bollards, with an 80% reuse/
recycle rate and 80% waste reduction
Building our sustainability framework: • Economic Performance
• Achieve employment • Satisfaction • Achieved 41% ICV in 2024 with US$260
ESG materiality assessment • Ethics and Compliance engagement rate of 87% and Wellbeing million spent through the local economy
ADNOC L&S is committed to shaping its sustainability • Diversity and Inclusion • Achieve ICV contribution of 60% • Training and • Initiated a culture renovation program
Education to develop high performance and
strategy through a robust materiality assessment process, to • Strategic Partnerships and Collaboration People and
support alignment with global best practices and stakeholder community • Diversity accountability
• Employee Satisfaction and Wellbeing and Equal • Youth Committee overseen by the CEO
expectations. This process is crucial in identifying and prioritizing
Opportunities encourages significant contributions
• Operational Efficiency
the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues that are • Promote ICV from young people
relevant to our business and our stakeholders.
• Trained over 136 cadets from 15
In 2023, ADNOC L&S refreshed its materiality assessment, ADNOC L&S stakeholder value proposition nationalities, 19% were female
engaging with key stakeholders including investors, employees, Through its materiality assessment ADNOC L&S is dedicated • Strengthen collaboration with • Ethics and • 99% overall compliance to the Annual
suppliers and ADNOC. The process was designed to refine the to delivering value to its stakeholders through sustainable stakeholders and ensure Compliance Code of Conduct e-learning with 96%
Company's focus and redefine its sustainability boundaries, practices, each aligned with specific Sustainable Development transparency, accounting and • Strategic compliance rate for seafares and
ensuring that essential issues are addressed. Goals (SDGs): Supply chain and reporting Partnerships site-based employees
• Achieve high code of conduct and • On-ground workshops with multi-lingual
business ethics
The key topics include: • Governments and regulatory bodies compliance and uphold Collaboration facilitation, supported by crew
• Health and Safety Culture • Shareholders / Investors / Finance Providers business ethics and integrity • Supplier Code management and site coordinators
• Engage with suppliers on of Conduct
• Climate Change and Ocean Health • Customers sustainability awareness
• Environment • Employees • Achieve compliance with the
ADNOC Group Supplier &
• Customer Satisfaction • Business partners, suppliers and vendors
Partner Code of Ethics
• Strategic Business Development • Local communities
• Grow with ADNOC: Service new • New Business • Announce acquisition of Navig8
• Energy Transition We believe, each stakeholder’s value propositions directly growth and expand service Opportunities • Strategic fleet expansion
• Employee Training and Development relate to specific SDGs, as illustrated opposite: offering • Operational • AI Enabled growth for Integrated
• Hydrogen Transportation Economic • Expand service offering to Efficiency Logistics management
• Business Continuity and Risk Management performance c c a lie p n tu ts re additional business and • C Sa u t s is to fa m c e ti r o n • T 17 he 0 % sh s a i r n e c p e r I i P c O e has increased by over
• Extend international activities
• Strong outlook, adding 340 year of
• Expand blue-chip client base contracted revenue

===== PAGE 34 =====
64 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 65
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Corporate
Board of Directors 66
Our Corporate Governance 69
Share Dealings 69
Governance
Material Contracts 70
Organization Chart 72
Executive Management Team 74
Listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, Executive Committee 75
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 76
ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC is
Audit Committee 77
committed to following the highest standards
External Auditors 78
of corporate governance, regulatory compliance Risk Management 79
and risk management as a route to creating Internal Control System 88
General Information 89
sustainable value for the Company and its
Glossary 91
diverse stakeholders.

===== PAGE 35 =====
66 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 67
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Board of Directors
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber In his previous role, Salmeen led the Marketing, Supply, and
Trading Directorate of ADNOC. His leadership experience Chairman of the Board of Directors
includes roles as CEO of Khalifa Industrial Zone Abu Dhabi
His Excellency Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber is a member of the UAE
(KIZAD), Chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals, and COO of Tabreed.
Federal Cabinet, Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology,
Mr. Salmeen holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from the
and the UAE’s special envoy for climate, a role he previously
Colorado School of Mines and an Executive MBA from INSEAD
served in from 2010 to 2016. Dr. Sultan was appointed to the UAE
cabinet in 2013, where he served as a Minister of State of the UAE
until July 2020.
Khaled Al Zaabi
H.E. Dr. Al Jaber serves as Group CEO and Managing Director of
Director
the ADNOC Group. Prior to taking on the leadership position at Chairman of Audit Committee
ADNOC, he was the CEO of the Energy platform at Mubadala. In
Member of Executive Committee
2006, while at Mubadala, he helped establish Masdar and served
Mr. Al Zaabi is ADNOC Group Chief Financial Officer and oversees
seven years as its CEO. He continues to serve as Chairman of
the formulation and execution of comprehensive financial H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Khaled Salmeen E Khaled Al Zaabi A E Masdar. In July 2020, he was appointed Chairman of Emirates
strategy, investments, planning, performance, operational
Development Bank. In December 2020, he was appointed as a
Chairman of the Board of Directors Chairman of Executive Committee Chairman of Audit Committee efficiency, treasury, risk management, and strategic partnerships.
board member to the Abu Dhabi Supreme Council for Financial
Member of Executive Committee In his role, he provides visionary leadership, driving the execution
and Economic Affairs.
of ADNOC’s investment strategy, and advancing the company’s
H.E. Dr. Al Jaber is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the
sustainability agenda in alignment with its financial strategy. Mr. Al
Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence. He served
Zaabi ensures effective regulatory compliance, facilitating
as Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Ports Company from 2009-2019.
domestic and international growth across diverse energy sectors,
He served as Chairman of the UAE National Media Council from
including oil, gas, LNG, chemicals, refining, distribution, low
2015 to 2020, and he previously served on the United Nations
carbon solutions, renewables, drilling, logistics, and shipping
Secretary General’s High-Level Group on Sustainable Energy for
services.
All.
He has successfully managed major equity market transactions,
H.E. Dr. Al Jaber holds a PhD in business and economics from
publicly listed several ADNOC companies, completed M&As, and
Coventry University in the United Kingdom, an MBA from the
secured ADNOC’s first green financing. Mr. Al Zaabi led the
California State University, and a Bachelor’s Degree in chemical
issuance of ADNOC’s Murban first corporate bond, establishment
engineering from the University of Southern California, USA.
of the region’s first large-scale In-House Bank, and execution of
financial restructuring deals.
Khaled Salmeen Mr. Al Zaabi serves on the boards of several domestic and
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan N Tayba Al Hashemi A Director international entities, including OMV, ADNOC Distribution,
ADNOC Drilling, ADNOC Gas, ADNOC Logistics & Services,
Chairman of Nomination and Member of Audit Committee Chairman of Executive Committee.
Borouge and ADNOC Refining.
Remuneration Committee Member of the Nomination and
Mr. Khaled Salmeen is the CEO of Downstream at ADNOC, where
Remuneration Committee He holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from Deakin University,
he oversees the entire downstream value chain. He is committed
Australia.
Key to driving performance, maximizing efficiency, and delivering
strong, sustainable growth across all stages of the downstream
A Audit
sector.
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan
E Executive
Mr. Salmeen has been a driving force behind the successful
Director
N Nominationand
public listing of five downstream companies, the strategic
Remuneration Chairman of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
consolidation of ADNOC’s gas businesses, and the launch of
Chair high-impact ventures like TA’ZIZ. Additionally, as a proven H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan is the Chairman of the Abu Dhabi
Department of Energy and a member of the Abu Dhabi Executive
dealmaker, Salmeen has led major transactions that have
Council. Previously, he served as Director of the Executive Office
expanded ADNOC’s global footprint, reinforcing ADNOC’s
at ADNOC, where he led initiatives to enhance the company’s
position as a regional and international leader.
global standing. He has also contributed to ADNOC Drilling and
Mr. Salmeen holds board positions at ADNOC Logistics and
ADNOC Logistics and Services. Dr. Al Jarwan holds a Doctorate
Services, ADNOC Refining, ADNOC Gas, Borouge ADP,
in Business Administration from UAE University, specializing in
Fertiglobe, ADNOC Global Trading, and ADNOC Distribution. He
Mergers and Acquisitions, along with a Master’s and Bachelor’s
chairs the boards of Borouge PTE, ADNOC Trading, TA’ZIZ, and
degree in Petroleum Engineering from Khalifa University. He also
Marwan Naim Nijmeh E Mashal Saoud Al-Kindi A N
Abu Dhabi Gas Distribution, and serves on the boards of NGSCO
completed a Senior Executives Leadership Program at the
Member of Executive Committee Member of Audit Committee and OMV.
London School of Economics.
Member of Nomination and
Remuneration Committee

===== PAGE 36 =====
68 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 69
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Board of Directors continued Our Corporate Governance
Tayba Al Hashemi Mr. Al Kindi’s prior experience includes the establishment of joint The Company’s Commitment Code of Conduct
ventures, as well as the spearheading of corporate management Director The Company embraces sustainability as a strategic pathway to ADNOC L&S is committed to operating with integrity and
and business transformation across several ADNOC group
Member of Audit Committee maintaining integrity and accountability across the Company. maintaining the highest professional and ethical standards in
companies. He brings a wealth of experience in major capital
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee The Company has an effective governance framework across every aspect of our business. The Company’s Code of
projects, portfolio management, governance and corporate
its global operations, and it is committed to the principles of Conduct outlines the legal and ethical standards that we
Ms. Al Hashemi is the Chief Executive Officer of ADNOC Offshore,
planning.
good corporate governance. The corporate governance expect from everyone who works for or represents any part of
one of the largest offshore energy producers in the world. She
He holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering and a standards are in line with international best practice. the Company.
brings more than 20 years of industry experience across a range
Master of Project Management.
of technical disciplines and leadership positions. In her current
role, Ms. Al Hashemi leads a team of 8,000 people and works with
eight international partners.
Women’s representation on the Board of Directors Values
Ms. Tayba Al Hashemi is a member of the Board of Directors. In The values of ADNOC L&S are aligned with those of ADNOC Group. Its values are:
Marwan Naim Nijmeh keeping with its commitment to gender diversity, the Company
are actively seeking opportunities to increase female
Director
representation on its Board.
Member of Executive Committee
Statement of allowances paid to Board subcommittee
Mr. Nijmeh is the Chief Legal Officer of ADNOC, Director of AIQ
members in 2024
and ADNOC Distribution, overseeing legal operations across the
group. He served as Deputy Chief Legal Officer at Mubadala No allowances, salaries, or additional fees were paid to Board
Investment Company. Prior to that role, he was a General Counsel subcommittee members in 2024. Collaborative Responsible Respectful Efficient Progressive
of numerous Mubadala Group assets, including Masdar. Before
joining Mubadala, Mr. Nijmeh worked as a senior associate at
Board meetings – attendance records
international law firms, including Allen & Overy and Simmons and
Simmons. Mr. Nijmeh serves as a board member of Moeve. The Articles of Association of the Company require that the
Share Dealings
Board of Directors meets a minimum of four times each year. The
quorum for meetings is a majority of Directors, and the quorum Purchases and sales of the Company’s shares and other expects that all of its employees, as well as the other people
Mashal Saoud Al Kindi for voting during meetings is a majority of attendees. transactions involving its securities by employees and with whom the Company transacts, abide by this standard and,
Member of Audit Committee representatives is governed by the Inside Information and in doing so, adhere to the applicable laws on inside information
In 2024, the Board of Directors met on four occasions. The
Member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee Insider Dealing Standards. and dealings. The following table sets out the details of all
following table sets out the meetings held by the Board of
purchases and sales of the Company’s shares undertaken by
Mr. Al Kindi joined TA’ZIZ as Chief Executive Officer in Directors in 2024. It is the policy of the Company that inside information must not
its directors, their spouses and their children in 2024:
February 2023. be used by any ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC personnel
and their connected people for personal gain. The Company
He is a leader in the UAE’s oil and gas sector, with over 15 years of
Directors’ remuneration
senior management across ADNOC’s Executive Office, Upstream
In 2024, our shareholders approved a total remuneration of AED
and Downstream Industry Trading & Marketing directorates.
15.83 million which was paid to the members of our Board of
Shares held as of Total sales Total purchase
Directors for 2023.
Director Position December 31, 2024 transactions transactions
The proposal for the remuneration for the Board of Directors for H.E. Dr Sultan Al Jaber Chairman 0 0 0
2024 is under consideration and this report will be republished
Khaled Salmeen Board Member 946,261 0 0
once the figure is available. This will be presented to our
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Board Member 447,761 0 0
shareholders at our upcoming annual General Assembly meeting
for approval. Khaled Mohamed Abdulla Al Alkeem Al Zaabi Board Member 447,761 0 0
Marwan Naim Salem Nijemh Board Member 0 0 0
Position on the Mashal Al Kindi Board Member 124,378 0 0
Board Member Board Feb 14, 2024 May 7, 2024 Aug 6, 2024 Nov 13, 2024
Tayba Al Hashemi Board Member 124,378 0 0
H.E. Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber Chairman P P P P
Khaled Salmeen Board Member P P P P
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Al Jarwan Board Member P P P P
Khaled Al Zaabi Board Member P P P P
Marwan Naim Nijmeh Board Member P P P P
Mashal Al Kindi Board Member P P P P
Tayba Al Hashemi Board Member P P P P
All board members are independent and non-executive. The appointment date for the board members is April 19, 2023, except for Mr. Nijmeh, who was appointed on
February 14, 2024. The governance framework ensures the CEO operates independently from chairing Boards, enabling effective oversight by the Board. The percentage of
total Board seats occupied by independent members 100%.

===== PAGE 37 =====
70 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 71
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Material Contracts
Related Party Transactions Ruwais LNG Project approximately US$500 million (AED1800 million) in total for Oil Spill Services
The Company is a party to various agreements and other In July 2024 the Company entered into a vessel supply delivery in 2025 – 2027. Pakistan International Oil Limited (PIOL) Service
arrangements with related parties including ADNOC and agreement with ADNOC for the supply of eight newbuild The new vessels will be among the world’s largest ammonia Agreements
certain of its subsidiaries other than the Company as well as LNGCs, to serve the long-term shipping requirements of the carriers and run on energy-efficient dual fuel engines. The PIOL and ADNOC L&S entered into two agreements between
Directors and members of the Executive Management Team of Ruwais LNG Project, through the chartering of the vessels for VLACs have a carrying capacity of 93,000 cubic meters each April and May 2024. The first agreement signed was for the
the Company. These agreements are negotiated on an 20-year periods. In order to service this contract, in July it was for ammonia and can be powered by liquefied petroleum gas provision of rental Tier 1 oil spill response packages for a
arms-length basis. The most significant of these transactions announced that ADNOC L&S had awarded South Korean (LPG) or conventional fuels. They are scheduled for delivery minimum three-month term with automatic monthly extensions.
are described below. shipyards Samsung Heavy Industries and Hanwha Ocean up to between 2026-2028. The VLACs are not yet contracted and The two response packages are located onboard vessels
Certain transactions with related parties are considered part US$2.5 billion (AED 9.2 billion) of shipbuilding contracts for the are targeted to serve the emerging ammonia transportation operating at PIOL’s offshore operations (Block 5 Offshore Abu
of the normal business of the Company and of a routine construction of eight to ten new LNGCs. These LNGCs are market. Ammonia is considered a likely key contributor to Dhabi) and remain on standby to be used to initially respond to
nature, and as such are “pre-approved” by the Executive targeted to the assignment under the vessel supply agreement industrial emission reduction. any local oil spill incident. The second agreement signed was a
to long-term contracts to transport volumes of the Ruwais
Committee. Examples of these are contracts having a value of technical management services agreement for Tier 2 Oil Spill
LNG Project.
less than USD 5,000,000 or contracts having a duration of less and HNS services for a minimum three-month term with
Acquisition of Navig8
than 12 months. Each of Samsung Heavy Industries and Hanwha Ocean were automatic monthly extensions. The agreement provides access
awarded shipbuilding contracts for the construction of four In June 2024 ADNOC L&S entered into an agreement for the to Tier 2 response resources and expertise for PIOL’s offshore
The Company is exempt from having to disclose related party
firm vessels with the option for an additional one. acquisition of Navig8 TopCo Holdings Inc. (Navig8), an operations in Block 5 Offshore Abu Dhabi, as well as access to
transactions to ADX, so there is no requirement to maintain a
international shipping pool operator and commercial accredited training during the term.
register of related party transactions. These LNGCs will employ cutting-edge technology to increase
management company. The acquisition formally completed in
fuel efficiencies and carbon intensity reductions in line with the Ras Al Khaimah Ports
January 2025. Under the terms of the agreement, ADNOC L&S
Company’s sustainability goals and will open up new acquired 80% of Navig8 for US$999.3m (AED3.7 billion) with RAK Ports and ADNOC L&S entered into an agreement dated
Shipping – Expansion of Fleet, Life Extension and opportunities for customer and geographical expansion while economic ownership transfer effective from 1 January 2024, October 2024 (effective from August 2024). The agreement
Decarbonization unlocking increased value for our shareholders. The LNGCs and further acquire the remaining 20% ownership in 2027 for a signed was an access-based technical management services
The Company’s strategy in relation to its shipping business is will each have a capacity of 174,000 cubic meters and feature deferred consideration of US$335 million to US$450 million agreement for Tier 2 OS and HNS services for a three-year
to grow and diversify its fleet to meet the rising and evolving XDF2.2 engines, which will produce the best fuel economy and (AED1.2 billion to AED1.7 billion). ADNOC L&S will unlock term. The agreement provides the client with access to Tier 2
demand for the transportation in the global energy sector. lowest emissions in the Company’s global fleet. The vessels significant value through cost saving synergies, with savings response resources and expertise for each of RAK ports
To support the energy transition and to capture the growing will also feature state of the art carbon intensity reduction targets of over US$100 million (AED367 million) over the operations in Ras Al Khaimah.
technologies including a cargo conditioning system designed
demand for the transportation of low-carbon energy, we have lifespan of the project already identified through optimizing
to reduce LNG cargo evaporation while in transit, systems to
invested in enhancing and modernizing our fleet with technical management costs and bunker spend. Navig8’s
direct cargo boil-off gas to the engines that will increase fuel Hail and Ghasha Integrated Logistics Technical
newbuilding contracts entered into for up to 23 new energy- global footprint in 15 cities across five continents, and an
efficiency and decrease fuel consumption, a real-time Services Agreement
efficient vessels, including eight to ten Liquified Natural Gas owned modern fleet of 32 tankers, will greatly enhance
Carriers (LNGCs) and, through the Company’s joint venture emissions monitoring system, and pioneering cargo ADNOC L&S’ international profile and expand its blue-chip ADNOC and ADNOC L&S has a contract to support offshore oil
with Wanhua Chemical Group Co. Ltd, AW Shipping Limited containment systems to reduce methane emissions. customer base. ADNOC L&S’ service offering will include and gas drilling operations through the provision of marine and
(AW Shipping), nine Very Large Ethane Carriers (VLECs) and These features will make the carriers among the most fuel- pooling, commercial management, bunker trading, technical logistics service to transport personnel and materials for the
four Very Large Ammonia Carriers (VLACs), Further details of efficient vessels in the world, strengthening ADNOC L&S’ management and ESG-focused digital solutions. duration of eight years, with the option to extend the agreement
these projects follow. position as a leader in maritime decarbonization and ADNOC for additional two years from the end of the initial period.
The Company continues to invest in vessel maintenance and Group’s 2045 Net Zero target. Under the terms of the agreement, ADNOC L&S provides
Musaffah Operations
re-purposing vessels to increase the longevity of the fleet. Such complete logistics services, including planning and execution
life extension projects delay carbon intensive asset replacement ADNOC Offshore and ADNOC L&S entered into an agreement in of the works; receipt, storage, transportation and handling of all
Very Large Ethane Carriers
projects and extend the profitable life of assets. The Company January 2024 to cover new services related to the Musaffah materials/equipment and waste; marine support, including the
also invests in carbon intensity reduction initiatives on existing In July 2024, the Company’s joint venture, AW Shipping, Offshore Supply Base, material backload request process, provision of marine assets and port facilities services; onshore
fleet through vessels’ life on a case-by-case basis. entered into agreements with China Shipbuilding Trading Co. marine terminal operation, and revisions to existing services base supply services inclusive of warehousing and storage of
Ltd and Jiangnan Shipyard (Group) Co. Ltd for the construction related to vessel chartering. The scope includes providing goods; onshore island port management services; provision of
of nine newbuild VLECs priced at approximately US$1.4 billion onshore facilities, safety and security services, maintenance, intra island movements of cargo and personnel; hotel services
Liquified Natural Gas Carriers (AED5.1 billion). These vessels are due to be delivered utilities, waste handling, fuel and water supply, cargo transfer, offshore; provision of passenger transportation by vessel;
DAS LNG Project between 2025-2027 and will be employed on 20-year fixed harbor operations, terminal services, SPM marine maintenance, mobilization of land rigs to offshore islands, mobilization of
time charter contracts, thereby securing earnings visibility and oil spill response, and procurement of third-party services. Key cement, fluid and bulks plants to offshore islands and
On 25 November 2024, the first of six newbuild LNGCs,
derisking the investment. The VLECs have a carrying capacity performance indicators are monitored monthly to ensure coordination of maritime operations offshore. Fees for the
modern technology XDF vessels of 175,000 cubic meters
of 99,000 cubic meters each and can be powered by ethane or compliance and performance. The work covers the provision of performance of services under the agreement remain fixed for
ordered from Jiangnan Shipyard in China in 2022 was
conventional fuels. a wide range of services at the Musaffah Offshore Supply Base, its duration.
delivered, with the remaining five expected to be delivered in
including onshore warehouse and office facilities, safety and
2025 and 2026. These vessels are contracted for use in
security services, maintenance services, waste handling, fuel
connection with the DAS LNG project from mid-2026. The first Very Large Ammonia Carriers
supply and bunkering services, cement handling, and liquid mud
vessel to be delivered has been chartered to a top-tier, global
In July 2024 the Company’s joint venture company AW plant functions, material backload request process, vessel
energy trader which safely and successfully completed its first
Shipping entered into shipbuilding contracts to Jiangnan chartering and related services.
loading and delivery operation in the Far East.
Shipyard in China for the construction of four VLACs priced at

===== PAGE 38 =====
72 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 73
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Organization Chart
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President Senior Vice President Senior Vice President Senior Vice President Vice President
Operations (Onshore Advisor, CEO
Commercial (Shipping) Ship Management Offshore Logistics Marine Services Audit and Assurance
Services)
Vice President Vice President
Vice President Vice President Vice President Manager
Offshore Mobile Solutions Projects and Engineering Executive Office Coordinator
Commercial (Tanker) Technical (Shipping) Petroleum Ports Operations Internal Audit (Operations)
and Projects Services
Vice President
Vice President Vice President Vice President Vice President Manager
Offshore Shipping and
Commercial (Gas) Projects (Shipping) Onshore Logistics Oil Spill and HNS Response Internal Audit (Support)
Marine Support
Vice President
Vice President Vice President
Commercial
Marine & HSE Logistics
(Dry-Bulk and Container)
Manager Vice President
Vice President
Contracts Commercial
Technical (OMS)
(Claims and Demurrage) (Logistics and Offshore)
Manager Vice President Senior Manager
Bunker and Agency Crew Management Planning and Performance
Senior Vice President Senior Vice President
Vice President Vice President Senior Vice President
Transformation and Asset General Counsel Strategy and Business Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Communication Corporate HSE Shared Services
Management Development
Manager Vice President Vice President
Vice President Manager Vice President
Associate General Counsel HSE Support Human Capital Investor Relations
Transformation & Integration Internal Communications Strategy and Excellence
Manager Vice President Vice President
HSE (Marine and Onshore Services) Business Support Investments
Vice President Manager Vice President
Asset Management External Communications Business Development
Manager Vice President Vice President
HSE (Offshore Logistics) Procurement Financial Planning & Analysis
Manager Vice President Vice President
Crisis Management Digital Finance (Treasury and lnsurance)
Manager Vice President
OD, WFP, Planning and Performance Finance (Financial Accounts)
Manager
Financial Systems
LEVEL I
LEVEL II
Manager
LEVEL III Enterprise Risk Management

===== PAGE 39 =====
74 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 75
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Executive Management Team Executive Committee
Captain Abdulkareem Mubarak Al Messabi Vivek Kumar Seth The Executive Committee consists of eight members, all being independent non-
Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President – Marine Services
executive directors. The Board established the Executive Committee to assist the
Captain Abdulkareem Al Messabi is the Chief Executive officer Mr. Seth is the Senior Vice President of Marine Services of the
Board in the discharge of its duties.
of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC and leads the Company. Company and the Company’s subsidiary, Abu Dhabi Marine
Before assuming his current role in April 2018, Captain Business Services Company PJSC. He has more than 32 years The role of the Executive Committee is to act on behalf of the As part of his role as the Chairman of the Executive
Abdulkareem Al Messabi was the Executive Vice President of of global management, commercial and operations experience Board during the intervals between scheduled Board meetings Committee, Mr. Khaled Salmeen is responsible for ensuring the
the Ports Unit at Abu Dhabi Ports and the Chairman of Abu in aligning corporate vision with strategic transformation. He so that matters that require Board approval during such committee’s overall effectiveness and that the committee
Dhabi Terminals. He was responsible for all of Abu Dhabi Ports’ has worked across deep-sea Shipping and offshore maritime intervals can be dealt with in a timely and efficient manner. The properly complies with all its stated objectives.
day-to-day operational activities and provided operational segments globally. Executive Committee focuses on matters including health,
The following table sets out the members of the Executive
leadership for the ports’ growth. safety and the environment, along with the Company’s
Committee in 2024:
sustainability initiatives, operational and business planning,
Justin Sawdon Stewart Murphy
financial results, investor relations, and corporate
Nicholas Murray Gleeson
Senior Vice President – Operations (Offshore) communications strategy.
Chief Financial Officer Mr. Murphy is the Senior Vice President of Strategy and
Mr. Gleeson is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. He business Development of the Company and has more than 30
has a broad range of experience in energy logistics and years of experience in the maritime and logistics industry. He Board Member Position on the ExCom Feb 2, 2024 Apr 25, 2024 Jul 29, 2024 Sep 18, 2024Oct 30, 2024
strategic leadership, along with experience in initial public has served in a range of roles across the globe, including the
Khaled Salmeen Chairman P P P P P
offerings, mergers, acquisitions and disposals. Prior to his USA, Canada, Singapore, London and Abu Dhabi.
Khaled Al Zaabi Member A A A P P
current role, he was the Group Chief Financial Officer of BW
Group. Marwan Naim Nijmeh Member P P P P P
Andrew Baird
Fatma Al Nuaimi Member P P A P A
General Counsel
Ayman Dabash Member P P P P P
Ahmad Saeed Obaid Bin Taresh Al Dhaheri
Mr. Baird is the General Counsel of the Company. He is an
Klaus Forehlich Member A A P P A
Senior Vice President – Commercial & Operation (Shipping) English law qualified solicitor and has over 35 years of
Jasim Saeed Member P P A P P
Mr. Ahmed Al Dhaheri is the Senior Vice President of experience in private practice focused on the maritime and
Commercial & Operations (Shipping) of the Company and has offshore industries. Before taking on his current role, he was a P – Present, A – Absent
been working with the Company’s subsidiaries for the last 25 Partner in the law firm Watson Farley & Williams LLP and was
years in various management positions. In his current role, the founder and Managing Partner of the firm’s Dubai office.
Mr. Al Dhaheri looks after the Company’s core business.
Captain Mohamed Ali Mousa Torki Al-Ali
Senior Vice President – Offshore Logistics
Captain Mohamed Al Ali is the Senior Vice President of Offshore
Logistics. In his current role, he oversees the commercial
logistics and operational activities of the ports, offshore supply
and support fleet to provide end-to-end offshore logistics
solutions to customers, including warehousing, material
handling, and port and offshore supply operations.

===== PAGE 40 =====
76 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 77
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Audit Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists the The Nomination and Remuneration Committee Terms of The Audit Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities with
Board in setting and overseeing the nomination and Reference require that the Nomination and Remuneration
regard to financial reporting, external and internal audits and controls.
remuneration policies in respect of the Board, any committees Committee must comprise four members. At least three of the
of the Board and senior management members of the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee This assistance includes reviewing and monitoring the integrity The Audit Committee has taken appropriate steps to ensure
Company. It is responsible for evaluating certain matters need to be Non-Executive Directors (of whom at least two must of the Company’s annual and interim financial statements, that the Company’s External Auditors are independent of the
relating to the Company’s executive management, evaluating be independent directors), in each case within the meaning of reviewing and monitoring the extent of the non–audit work Company as required by the Governance Rules and has
the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the Board those terms in the Governance Rules. The chairperson of the undertaken by external auditors, advising on the appointment obtained written confirmation from the Company’s Auditors
and committees of the Board and, in particular, monitoring the Nomination and Remuneration Committee must be chosen of external auditors, overseeing the Company’s relationship that they comply with guidelines on independence issued by
independent status of the independent Directors. from among the independent committee members. with its external auditors, reviewing the effectiveness of the the relevant accountancy and auditing bodies.
In addition, and subject to the Articles of Association, the The members of the Nomination and Remuneration external audit process and reviewing the effectiveness of the The Audit Committee’s responsibilities in relation to the Audit
Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists the Board in Committee are appointed in accordance with the Nomination Company’s internal control review function. and Assurance Division include the review and approval of the
determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, and Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference. The The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the overall audit strategies and annual audit work plan, budget, and
including making recommendations to the Board on the Nomination and Remuneration Committee meets at least twice annual report and financial statements remains with the Board. overseeing the internal audit programs and performance. In
Company’s policy on executive remuneration and decisions on per year and otherwise from time to time, based on the The Audit Committee will give due consideration to the addition, the Audit Committee ensures that Audit and
certain of the company’s human capital policies, setting the Company’s requirements. applicable laws and regulations of the UAE, governmental Assurance has full and unrestricted access to all required
over-arching principles, parameters and governance All members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee authorities and the ADX, including the provisions of the sources of information relevant to the performance of its work.
framework of the Company’s remuneration policy and are required to comply with the ADNOC Group’s information- Governance Guide. As part of his role as the Chair of the Audit Committee,
overseeing remuneration and benefits packages.
sharing protocol, which sets out guidelines on matters The Governance Guide, as reflected in the Audit Committee Mr. Khaled Al Zaabi is responsible for ensuring the committee’s
The Board will delegate to the Nomination and Remuneration relating to the sharing of material non-public information Charter, requires that the Audit Committee must comprise at overall effectiveness and that the committee properly
Committee decisions in relation to the appointment, removal, and insider trading. least three members who are Non–Executive Directors. One of complies with all of its stated objectives.
and replacement of personnel reporting directly to the The following table sets out the meetings held by the the independent members must be appointed as the Chair of The Audit Committee held five meetings in 2024, and all
Company’s chief executive officer, senior vice-presidents of Nomination and Remuneration Committee in 2024: the Audit Committee. recommendations of the Audit Committee were accepted by
the Company, and management personnel reporting directly
In addition, at least one member is required to have recent and the Board.
to the Group’s senior vice-presidents.
relevant audit and accounting experience. The Audit
The following table sets out the meetings held by the Audit
Committee must be chaired by one of the independent
Committee in 2024:
members and must include other members elected by the
Board Member Position Jul 3, 2024 Oct 31, 2024 Board. The Audit Committee meets at least four times a year.
H.E. Dr. Abdulla Aljarwan Chairman P P
Tayba Al Hashemi Member P P
Board Member Position Feb 8, 2024 Mar 12, 2024 Apr 30, 2024 Jul 30, 2024 Oct 28, 2024
Mashal Al Kindi Member P P
Khaled Al Zaabi Chairperson P P P P P
Ayesha Mohamed Al Hammadi Member A P
Tayba Al Hashemi AC Member A P P P P
Nasser Omair Al Muhairi Member A A
Mashal Al Kindi AC Member P P P P P
Wafa Ahmed Al-Ali AC Member P P P P P
Omar Abdulla Al Nuaimi AC Member P P P P P
Danielle Delbridge AC Member A A P P P
Ann Mazzucco AC Member P P A A A
P – Present, A – Absent
Ms. Danielle Delbridge replaced Ms. Ann Mazzucco on April 29, 2024.

===== PAGE 41 =====
78 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 79
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
External Auditors Risk Management
We have entrusted the external audit function for ADNOC Logistics & Services
PLC yearly accounts to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), which has been the Risk Management
Company’s external auditor since 2023.
Framework
The number of years PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)
has served as the company’s External Auditor: Two years
Partner name: Nizar Jichi
TOP DOWN RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
Number of years the Partner has served as the Two years
Company’s External Auditor:
Oversight Set Identify Apply Risk Deliver
Define Risk
Total fees for auditing the financial statements of 2024 Audit of financial statements – USD 794,000 Accountability Strategic Principle Assessment Strategic
Appetite
(in USD), including provision of reasonable assurance Non-assurance services required to be performed by the auditor Objectives Risks Process Objectives
Monitoring
report on the effectiveness of internal financial according to applicable laws and regulations – USD 400,000
controls over financial reporting: Other assurance services – USD 248,000 Deep-dive RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK Reviews and
Escalation
Other non-assurance services USD 400,000
THE BOARD Risk Identification
For our annual financial statements for the year ended 11 February 2025
and Mitigations
31 December 2024, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) AUDIT and RISK COMMITTEE ESG COMMITTEE
issued an unqualified audit opinion: Maintain Risk
Registers
SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM
Risk Owners
ASSET/PROJECT/FUNCTION
BOTTOM UP
Mitigating Risk Additionally, the Group’s Board of Directors oversees how
management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk
Governance
management policies and procedures and reviews the
The ADNOC L&S Board of Directors, which comprises seven
adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the
Directors appointed in line with SCA requirements, is collectively
risks faced by the Group. ADNOC L&S has a dedicated ERM
responsible for risk management and strategy. The Board of
Committee (advisory) to oversee risk management activities,
Directors supervises the interests of stakeholders, the
policies, and systems regularly to reflect risks based on
creation of a culture aimed at long-term value creation, the
changes in the Company’s strategic objectives, internal
internal audit function, and the effectiveness of internal risk
activities or external events including emerging trends,
management and control systems. In addition to the risk
opportunities and threats.
management oversight provided by the Board of Directors, the
The Company has established its ERM framework based on
Company’s Executive Committee is responsible for matters
the industry’s best practices, specifically the ISO:31000 and
relating to commercial, financial and operational performance,
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
function and planning, information and reports, reserved
Commission (COSO) ERM Guidance. This helps to integrate
matters, and related party transactions.
ERM into key business activities. The ERM framework is
The Audit Committee oversees corporate governance, risk
audited internally by Internal Audit in line with their audit plan
management, legal and compliance, financial and non-financial
and any gaps/ findings identified are reported to the Audit
reporting, internal control and internal and statutory audits.
Committee (last process based internal audit on ERM was
Furthermore, risk management policies and systems are
done in 2024).
reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and
the Company’s activities.
ADNOC L&S, through its training and management standards
and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and
constructive control environment in which all employees
understand their roles and obligations.

===== PAGE 42 =====
80 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 81
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Risk Management continued
Risk management is a continuous process where risks are
assessed inline with the ERM framework. The company 1 2 3 4
assesses risks across all its subsidiaries, joint ventures (JVs),
GROWTH MERGERS AND COMPETITION LEGAL AND
business units, departments, assets, and locations, reporting
ACQUISITIONS REGULATORY
in accordance with its risk management framework and
INTEGRATION COMPLIANCE
Delegation of Authority (DOA). In the assessments, risks are
identified, analyzed, and evaluated early, implementing RISK AREA/ WHAT IS THE RISK?
responses to mitigate these risks and support the company’s
ADNOC L&S may not ADNOC L&S regards M&A The Company operates ADNOC L&S operates
objectives. Management representatives, risk owners, and
achieve its intended as an important driver of its globally in a highly across six continents and is
department heads participate in risk assessments conducted
transformational growth global expansion strategy. competitive market. Its exposed to a complex
periodically which includes conducting risk exposure review
across its business The Company may not inability to remain efficient, landscape of international
on all risks based on the company’s risk matrix, and escalating
segments or deliver on its complete the acquisition maintain a high-quality laws and regulations.
risk ownership appropriately through organizational levels,
business strategy of new businesses and portfolio of assets and Failure of the Company to
creating a hierarchy from departmental to key risks. on time. As a result, successfully integrate them innovate can negatively comply with legal
Insurance not meeting the Company’s within its existing impact delivery of its requirements across
growth beyond medium- organization. This may strategy. Furthermore, a jurisdictions and mandated
ADNOC L&S has taken out insurance policies in relation to a
term guidance. negatively impact targeted significant amount of laws can expose it to cases
number of risks associated with its business activities, such
growth beyond medium- revenue comes from the with violations of anti-
as, among others, all-risk industry insurance covering term guidance and/or ADNOC Group. This means corruption laws, anti-trust
transportation and property-related risks and policies covering realization of projected the Company is exposed to regulations, international
our property, vehicles, liabilities, vessels, personnel, and synergies from recently negative events impacting sanctions, health, safety
equipment. completed acquisitions. the Group. and environment laws and/
or data privacy.
Under these policies (and related underlying policies), insured
losses include those resulting from insured perils.
ADNOC L&S’s insurance coverage is subject to customary
exclusions, limits, and deductibles. At the same time, the
Company has identified certain risks that cannot be insured on
economically feasible terms and for which, therefore, the
Company has chosen not to purchase insurance coverage.
These risks include, for example, business interruptions.
The policies together provide indemnity against sums for
which ADNOC L&S becomes legally liable to pay as
compensation for injury, loss, or damage to a third party arising
out of and in the course of the Company’s business, loss or
5 6 7 8
material damage to L&S property in each case subject to
deductibles and insured limits. HEALTH. SAFETY CYBERSECURITY GEOPOLITICAL AND ENERGY TRANSITION
and ENVIRONMENT SECURITY RISK AND DECARBONIZATION
RISK AREA/ WHAT IS THE RISK?
ADNOC L&S has a 100% The technology landscape Escalation in geopolitical Energy transition to a lower
HSE objective and the of ADNOC L&S is tension and instability in carbon economy and
safety and wellbeing of its expanding and becoming Europe and the Middle East decarbonization is a critical
employees and contractors complex with more increases the likelihood business factor and crucial
is the top priority. Shipping, applications, devices and of transportation and for ADNOC L&S to achieve
offshore and logistics control systems connected manpower-centric sufficiently low levels of net
operations are subject to online. This compounded disruptions, fragmentation emissions corresponding
the hazards typically with external threats and of supply chains along with to International Maritime
inherent in the maritime direct/indirect attack on security threats and Organization (IMO) and
industry, with the potential the Company’s digital targeted/sabotage attacks ADNOC Group set targets
to cause illness or injury or network and critical against vessels/assets in at a speed that meets
loss of life, damage to the infrastructure exposes busy international and investor and customer
environment and the company to cyber regional Shipping routes expectations as well as
operational disruption. security incidents. as well as ports. generates commercial
value for the Company.

===== PAGE 43 =====
82 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 83
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Risk Management continued
9 10 11 12 1 2 3
PEOPLE: DELIVERY OF MACROECONOMICS OPERATING IN SEVERAL JV, PARTNERSHIPS GROWTH MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS COMPETITION
OUR STRATEGY COUNTRIES AND CONTROL OF INTEGRATION
SUBSIDIARIES
RISK AREA/ WHAT IS THE RISK? MITIGATIONS
The successful delivery of The Company is exposed ADNOC L&S has amplified ADNOC L&S has developed ADNOC L&S – Aligned with ADNOC’s ADNOC L&S has made two major ADNOC L&S currently delivers energy
the Company’s strategy is to macroeconomic risks, its international presence strategic relationships in the growth narrative and its investment successful acquisitions during the products to more than 100 customers
dependent on our people, including fluctuating substantially post form of JVs partnerships to plan, has a robust investment period 2022-24. The acquisition of in about 50 countries. The Company is
capabilities and on a charter rates subject to acquisition of ZMI and increase its global reach, program which has invested CAPEX NAVIG8 in 2024, a global Shipping focused on investment diversification
culture that aligns to its how the market NAVIG8 with offices in accelerate innovation, enter US$ 2.4 billion (including Navig8) pool operator with presence in 15 on Shipping and leveraging strong
goals and reflects the participants anticipate that many countries, increasing new segments and optimize against an initial plan of US$2.2 billion international cities, a fleet of tankers relationships with non-ADNOC
changes needed to realize supply and demand for its exposure to inherent operations. Many of its and continues to invest further in and world-class Services will expand partners across EU and East Asia with
the ambition of becoming a vessel capacities will risks capacities of major projects and 2025 onwards. the geographical footprint and service the aim of expanding its geographical
leading global energy develop in future along with operating in several operations are also The Company aims to position itself offering of ADNOC L&S. In 2022, the presence into all six continents.
maritime logistics company variations in oil and gas countries that have conducted in joint as a leading clean fuel transporter, Company acquired Zakher Marine As ADNOC L&S transitions into
of choice. production targets and differing degrees of arrangements or with reduce emissions, and target growth (ZMI), which positioned ADNOC L&S adjacent verticals such as
global demand. political, legal and fiscal associates, contractors and across its Shipping and Integrated as the world’s largest owners and transporting low-carbon fuels, it faces
Accordingly, price stability. sub-contractors where we Logistics segments through organic operators of self-propelled, self- an expanded and rapidly evolving
fluctuations could have a This exposes the company may have limited influence and inorganic growth and stable elevating Jack-Up Barges. range of competitors in the sectors in
material adverse effect on to developments in, a and control over the financial performance across the ADNOC L&S has dedicated strategy which it operates. The Company has a
our earnings, cash flows variety of laws and performance of such business portfolio. It aims to unlock and business development and dedicated market intelligence team
and financial condition. regulations, including, activities thereby reducing greater value for its shareholders in finance and investment teams that provides external insights on the
without limitation, with our ability to identify and the short and medium term. equipped with experienced economic, energy, market and
respect to price manage risks. The Company has a robust strategic capabilities to assist the business in competitive environment. We use
regulations, data privacy, planning and monitoring process effectively managing M&A insights, competitive techniques and
divestment, transfer pricing embedded in its governance program transactions. The risk management benchmark our approach internally
regulations, restrictions on wherein all investment and growth team ensures risks are identified and and externally, including decisions
foreign trade, and based decisions are approved managed along the M&A stages and/ related to strategy resilience, asset
complying with tax regimes through relevant Governance or during integration. portfolio, business development and
in multiple jurisdictions. Committees and the Board. It focuses Prior to target identification and resource allocation.
on high asset utilization and timely making new investments or engaging By adjusting its Services to its present
implementation of planned process in M&A, ADNOC L&S conducts clients, ADNOC L&S is moving away
standardization and automation. stringent due diligence and synergy from just providing assets to clients
13 14 15 With the continuous development of identification to the extent it deems into the provision of end-to-end
different value propositions, necessary in accordance with the solutions through investing in new
ARTIFICIAL MAJOR PROJECT INTEREST RATE diversification of Services, workplace Company DOA, governance technologies and modern assets to
INTELLIGENCE DELIVERY FLUCTUATIONS innovation, agile adaption of committees, Board directive/ ensure the Company remains the
geopolitical and regulatory changes, feedback and ADNOC Group policies preferred/trusted Services provider. In
RISK AREA/ WHAT IS THE RISK? international business practices, and procedures. the past, we have been and expect to
focus on cost efficiency and a continue in the future as the service
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and The Company aims to ADNOC L&S has a CAPEX
long-term stable contracts portfolio, provider of choice to ADNOC Group
Machine Learning (ML) develop new capabilities plan for subsequent years
the Company implements its strategy companies. ADNOC L&S has Long-
techniques are evolving at and Services related to the and requires debt capital to
with resilience. The company also Term Agreements with ADNOC Group
an accelerated rate. ADNOC existing oil and gas industry meet growth objectives.
maintains regular engagement with its companies, and any new contracts/
L&S needs to determine as well as new energies. Interest rate fluctuations
stakeholders to align expectations renewals are assessed on prevailing
how to best leverage their The failure to invest in the may arise as a result of
and customers to strengthen the market conditions at the time.
powerful capabilities and best opportunities or raising new funds or in the
value proposition. Furthermore, the Company is
keep up with this increasing deliver major projects case of monetary
targeting new business segments like
digital momentum. The successfully, timely and investments.
EPC, and capturing value from
Company needs to adapt cost-effectively could
emerging/new international products
quickly to new and changing adversely affect our
like ammonia and ethane that will
learning systems beneficial financial performance and
enable it to utilize its assets more
for monitoring and analyzing growth targets.
efficiently and reduce potential
activities in real time.
competitor risk.

===== PAGE 44 =====
84 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 85
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Risk Management continued
4 5 6 7 8 9
LEGAL AND REGULATORY HEALTH. SAFETY CYBERSECURITY GEOPOLITICAL ENERGY TRANSITION PEOPLE: DELIVERY
COMPLIANCE & ENVIRONMENT AND SECURITY RISK AND DECARBONIZATION OF OUR STRATEGY
MITIGATIONS MITIGATIONS
ADNOC L&S operates globally and The HSE management system of ADNOC L&S has implemented robust ADNOC L&S has implemented ESG is at the core of the ADNOC L&S ADNOC L&S has a dedicated human
complies with international Shipping ADNOC L&S aims to ensure that all of information technology and international regulations and growth strategy. The Company is capital division, which have
laws and specific country/port laws its assets and operations foster a operational technology protocols procedures onboard its vessels and committed to the decarbonization of implemented a holistic talent strategy
and regulations. The Company has an culture of zero harm, and implement along with necessary maritime cyber continuously monitors global political its operations and reducing its overall to attract and retain best-in-class
adequate number of dedicated legal, international-level safety standards to security procedures onboard its developments and events which may environmental impact. It continues to employees. Talent acquisition
governance and compliance minimize potential risks to people, vessels. The Company’s cyber impact Company operations and its progress its strategy by investing in oversees all hiring activity for ADNOC
personnel with access to international assets or the environment. The security capabilities are embedded vessel routes. The Company works eco-vessels and offering to clients L&S globally, both professional hiring
networks and subscriptions, which aid Company’s crew onboard vessels into its IT systems, and its IT is with international security agencies and fully supporting the GHG IMO and early careers. They ensure that
them in identifying, understanding, complies with IMO regulations like the protected by various detective and and maritime bodies to safeguard its regulation. The Company has made the right talent and people capability
monitoring, and complying with International Safety Management (ISM) protective technologies. A structured assets in international waters and progress in meeting its set emission are in place, using local market
current and emerging regulatory Code and International Convention for approach to identify, assess and undertakes necessary security targets against IMO carbon emission analysis, people analytics and insights
obligations that impact the the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS). mitigate the IT and cyber security measures in areas with a potential intensity target of 40% reduction by to underpin the Company’s strategic
Company’s international business (e.g. ADNOC L&S reports, investigates and risks is built into our support security/safety exposure. 2030 (against 2019 baseline) on its workforce planning.
European Union’s Emission Trading shares learnings from HSE incidents processes and aligns to industry best ADNOC L&S conducts detailed threat assets. Dedicated sustainability and The Company has undertaken annual
System (EU ETS). We maintain robust across the company functions. It practices. The Company continuously and risk assessments for its operated emission monitoring teams enable employee engagement and culture-
screening protocols, a comprehensive monitors HSE performance tracks cyber attacks, threat assets, especially vessels, facilities, employees and departments to set centric surveys to track and update its
governance structure and have continuously, makes risk mitigation intelligence and vulnerabilities in its IT projects and activities, so that and report their emissions targets. engagement and retention strategy
established reporting lines. recommendations, where relevant, to landscape and has a well-structured security risk mitigations achieve the The Company’s investments in imperative to driving a high-performance
The Company assures compliance keep the risk of an accident as low as incident management and escalation principles of deter, detect, delay and low-carbon solutions and vessels are culture in the organization and to
with its policies, standards and possible and has dedicated safety process in place. respond. Further mitigations include subject to financial modeling and remain competitive.
procedures, including the third-party targets in key performance metrics to ADNOC L&S maintains back-up strengthening the security of assets, stress-testing, due diligence and risk People development is a priority for
due diligence procedures for business incentivize safe behaviors. systems and has implemented reducing the Company’s exposure as assessments to ensure that its capital the Company. It continues to build
segments. Staff receive guidance on The Company also regularly trains its security measures to protect its appropriate. In addition, the Company is allocated to the most attractive employee competencies through
the requirements listed in the employees to implement sustainable systems and information, including closely monitor events and low-carbon projects and opportunities. assessments, trainings, use of
Company’s Ethics and Compliance maritime business practices and adhere continuous vulnerability assessments implements risk mitigation plans, During 2024, as part of its CAPEX technology, as well as focusing on the
Manual/Standards. The effectiveness to an established ADNOC Group and patch management work where deemed appropriate. Growth plan, the Company placed future by investments in employee
of the compliance program is occupational health and safety policy. deployed on systems to reduce threat The Company has put in place shipbuilding orders for 21 energy- performance and succession planning.
assessed frequently and the When planning new projects, the of breaches, bugs, etc. adequate security measures onboard efficient vessels, including 8 LNG The Company increased learning
Company is continually seeking ways Company conducts detailed health, The Company continues to its vessels, and necessary Carriers, nine Very Large Ethane offerings related to new skills that may
to improve it. safety and environmental impact strengthen its IT infrastructure, contingency and response plans Carriers (VLECs) and four Very Large be needed, including sustainability, AI
The ADNOC code of conduct, the assessments in line with HSE standards/ improve its vessel operational which accommodate potential Ammonia Carriers (VLACs). In and energy management.
foundation of who we are, is applicable guidelines. The Company routinely technology controls and invest in disruptions. All vessels adhere to Best addition, the ammonia and ethane
to all employees and central to practices emergency response plans cyber security to safeguard its critical Management Practices (BMP) to carriers will play a significant role in
managing this risk. The Company has for potential events, such as spills or systems and preserve the integrity of enhance their maritime security. energy transition.
implemented initiatives to increase fire, which pose a significant risk. maritime trade. ADNOC L&S awarded shipbuilding
focus on governance and compliance, ADNOC L&S recognizes the physical The Company continues to enhance its contracts in 2022 for six LNG carriers
including an emphasis on compliance and transition risks and opportunities capabilities to control impact through as part of its strategic fleet expansion,
awareness, training and controls, as posed by climate change and is appropriate preparedness, response and took delivery of vessel – Al Shelila,
well as fraud risk prevention progressing efforts towards developing procedures and recovery plans. the first of six in 2024. This vessel is
awareness and training. The Company a systematic process to identify and designed to reduce methane slip by
has implemented the ADNOC data assess these risks. This process will up to 50%, which is considered to be
privacy policy as well. Additionally, we enable informed decision making to the lowest in the industry. The
have various ADNOC requirements address potential challenges and Company has also invested in
and training covering areas such as capture future opportunities. The retrofitting projects and adopting
anti-bribery and corruption, anti- Company has invested in a dedicated energy-efficiency devices onboard its
money laundering, competition/ command surveillance center at its existing deep sea vessels (e.g. new
anti-trust law, data privacy and Mussafah base in Abu Dhabi to monitor propeller design), enhanced vessel
international trade regulations. process safety across its offshore and hull design and coatings.
onshore operations. Furthermore, it has
invested in a smart ship program to
monitor safety activities onboard
offshore vessels.

===== PAGE 45 =====
86 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 87
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Risk Management continued
10 11 12 13 14 15
MACROECONOMICS OPERATING IN JV, PARTNERSHIPS AND CONTROL ARTIFICIAL MAJOR PROJECT INTEREST RATE
SEVERAL COUNTRIES OF SUBSIDIARIES INTELLIGENCE DELIVERY FLUCTUATIONS
MITIGATIONS MITIGATIONS
ADNOC L&S strategically navigates ADNOC L&S has acquired NAVIG8 ADNOC L&S has made significant The world is seeing a rapid rise in ADNOC L&S aims to develop new ADNOC L&S treasury operations are
macroeconomic uncertainties, which has offices several countries strides in the last few years with key engineering interconnectedness of data capabilities and grow client base highly centralized and seek to
leveraging revenue optimization and is exposed to the risks associated acquisitions NAVIG8 and Zakher and technology, and mass AI availability both regionally and globally. The manage credit exposures associated
programs, agile pricing strategies, and with operating in different regions. Marine (ZMI), and AW Shipping, a (e.g. ChatGPT); Customers currently see Company aims to increase its global with our substantial cash and debt
focusing on value and differentiation ADNOC L&S will work in tandem with strategic JV between Wanhua an opportunity to replace their need for reach, accelerate innovation, and positions. The Company conducts
to secure volume. Concurrently, it its subsidiaries to manage the risk Chemical Group and the Company. logistic solutions with new, available optimize operations. It has recently regular reviews of market conditions
forges long-term partnerships with associated with changing laws and Furthermore, the Company recently and innovative technology. ADNOC entered the EPC business and is existing and emerging market risks.
key strategic customers to establish regulations that could increase costs, entered the EPC project space. L&S understands this changing working with world renowned Furthermore, the Company regularly
stability and resilience in a volatile constrain its operations and affect The Company’s exposure in its landscape and has extensively shifted partners and contractors to deliver assesses its optimal fixed/floating
market landscape. its strategy, business plans and subsidiaries and JVs is primarily its focus to AI. The Company has major projects in the UAE. portfolio mix and re-financing options
The Company also aims to maintain a financial performance. managed by governance committees, launched many AI development tools The Company manages this risk to ensure risk management approach
strong balance sheet through the ADNOC L&S has dedicated divisions documents like DOA, and dedicated and systems which focus on Integrated through its projects team which remains effective. It has put in place
cycle to provide resilience against and teams to support its business lines teams in the business or entity Logistics and management streamlining exists to identify, bid, build and policies and guidelines for debt
weak market prices and a changing in seeking to ensure compliance with where ownership of the Company’s Shipping operations. execute projects for customers. The management, and where appropriate,
political landscape globally. It utilizes a local laws and fiscal regulations, and interest lies. ADNOC L&S recently implemented ILMS Company contains inherent netting arrangements, credit
mix-portfolio strategy of owned and filing proactive claims where warranted Support, verification and assurance are (Integrated Logistics Management capability and has hired external insurance, prepayments and collateral
chartered vessels with a diversified to protest against unfair practices. provided by the assurance teams like System) to enhance offshore logistics expertise to manage and build are used to manage credit risk.
agreement pool of long-term as well The Company’s Corporate safety, security assurance, risk, ethics capabilities and plans to use AI projects and programs, and The Company maintains committed
as spot market to manage the impact Communications team liaises with and compliance functional assurance technologies for optimizing vessel and collaborate with its internal credit facilities. Management
of price volatility. ADNOC and respective authorities in and internal audit to drive a focused, route planning. Another recent ADNOC businesses and enablers to ensure believes it has access to sufficient
The Company prepares annual countries where it operates to deliberate and systematic approach to L&S project is the Smart Port – an project objectives are met. debt funding sources (capital
strategic and financial business plans understand and engage on local the set-up and management of the AI-enabled program which aims to All proposed projects go through a markets) and to undrawn committed
that test different scenarios and their policies and to advocate the Company’s interests and exposure in digitalize and optimize Pilotage and Port rigorous commercial review borrowing facilities to meet
impact on prices on its businesses Company’s position on topics relevant respective entities. operation processes. Furthermore, the process involving support and foreseeable requirements.
and organization as a whole. Through to its industry. The Company’s relationships with Company is working with AIQ, an ADNOC- assurance functions – legal, risk,
this process, the Company can Furthermore, ADNOC L&S seeks to contractors and sub-contractors are enabled AI Lab focusing on innovative finance, investment and strategy.
identify potential interventions that maintain a positive and collaborative managed through the company’s initiatives with a five-year horizon plan to Feedback is then given before
would preserve cash levels. relationship with authorities, projects, commercial and improve and implement AI-enabled proposals are subjected to
regulators and the industry at large, to procurement processes with shipping and logistics solutions. management and its associated
allow appropriate focus on areas of appropriate requirements Additionally, ADNOC L&S has a governance committee review.
potential risk or uncertainty, while also incorporated into contractual dedicated innovation management Projects are continuously reviewed
protecting the Company’s interests arrangements. For every major project system where employees can engage and assessed to determine if
within the law. where the Company has control share and raise ideas in line with its unwavering standards and processes align
With regard to the recent regional control, a Project Manager is commitment to innovation, sustainability with those of the Company, and
conflicts impacting Shipping routes, appointed to manage performance and operational excellence. We are teams follow up on any gaps that
the Company continually monitors and create and protect value. energizing transformational progress – are identified.
by accelerating technological
such geopolitical developments and
breakthroughs, pioneering partnerships,
societal issues relevant to its
and empowering tomorrow’s leaders.
interests. The Company has made
This aligns with ADNOC’s Energy for Life
necessary adjustments to its
goal of Powering Possible.
operations to reduce its exposure and
is closely monitoring the risk of a These ideas go through a rigorous
wider regional escalation. innovation review process in line with the
Company’s innovation framework. Ideas
approved by the ADNOC L&S innovation
committee are then implemented.
In 2024, ADNOC L&S received
international recognition and achieved
Platinum Level Accreditation from
ideasUK for excellence in ideas
management and innovation.

===== PAGE 46 =====
88 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 89
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Internal Control System General Information
Responsibility of the Board of Directors Division’s internal audit findings to the Executive Management Statement of the market share price at the end of each month during the fiscal year.
and the Audit Committee on a regular basis. To enhance the The Board of Directors is responsible for the internal control
independence of the Audit and Assurance Division, it reports
system within the Company and has established a number of
functionally to The Company’s Audit Committee and
processes and procedures which are designed to ensure the
effectiveness of its internal control system. administratively to the Company’s CEO. Trading of ADNOC Logistics and Services PLC. shares on the ADX started on 1 June 2023
Audit and Assurance’s charter, policies, procedures, under the ticker ‘ADNOCLS’. The closing share price as of 31 December 2024 was AED5.43
methodologies and risk–based internal audit plans are (US$1.48). ADNOC L&S’s market capitalization as of 31 December 2024 was AED40.17 billion
Our Internal Control System
presented to and approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit (US$10.94 billion). ADNOC L&S’s share capital is AED14.67 billion (US$3.99 billion), divided into
The key objectives of the internal control system are: and Assurance activities are performed by teams of 7.4 billion shares, each with a nominal value of AED1.98 (US$0.54). The following table sets out
a. Creating control mechanisms that ensure efficient business appropriate, qualified and experienced employees. the high, low and closing price of our shares at the end of each month for the year 2024.
processes and the implementation of the Company’s Additionally, a continuous improvement process is
objectives; implemented using a learning and development framework
that is designed to ensure that the Audit and Assurance team
b. Ensuring the safety of the Company’s assets and efficient
members maintain their required professional competencies Share performance
use of its resources;
and capabilities.
c. Protecting the interests of the Company’s shareholders and
Considering the independence requirements, the Audit and 2024 High (AED) Low (AED) Close (AED)
preventing and resolving conflicts of interest;
Assurance Division also serves as an in–house advisor on many
January 4.2 3.93 3.93
d. Creating conditions for timely preparation and submission areas of interest which allows the Division to provide value–
of reliable reports and other information that is legally added Services that are critical to efficient and effective February 4.1 3.93 3.93
required to be publicly disclosed; and governance, risk management and internal control processes. March 4.07 3.84 4.07
e. Ensuring that the Company is compliant with applicable laws April 4.07 3.84 4.00
and requirements of regulators. May 4.18 3.9 4.07
Risk management
In addition to the functions and remit of the Board of Directors, June 4.3 4.03 4.19
The Company has implemented an integrated enterprise risk
the Company internal control system is embedded in ADNOC
management system, which showcases its commitment to July 4.74 4.13 4.7
Logistics & Services PLC at three levels:
protecting the business and the interest of all stakeholders. August 5.4 4.49 5.4
i. Level 1: The business units and divisions within the This enterprise risk management system:
September 5.58 5.1 5.35
Company are responsible for assessing and managing risks
a. Facilitates risk informed strategic planning to achieve October 5.8 5.23 5.8
and building an efficient control system by complying with
business objectives and identify potential business
the standard and procedures, KPIs, corporate and or November 5.8 5.24 5.5
opportunities;
divisional performance contracts. December 5.5 5.04 5.43
b. Supports the Company in identifying and managing key
ii. Level 2: Appropriate internal departments and committees
strategic, functional, investment and project risks (including
(enterprise risk management, quality and compliance the use of an objective-driven process); Breakdown of shareholdings as of December 31, 2024
functions) are responsible for facilitating and guiding the
risk assessment process, developing, communicating and c. Assesses the identified risks and the potential impact of Percentage of Shares Held
monitoring the appropriate standards, processes and such risks on the Company and its key objectives;
Shareholder Category Individual Companies Government Total
procedures. d. Enhances corporate performance as processes become
iii. Level 3: The Audit and Assurance function conducts more risk aware and control focused; and Local 2.8% 87.4% 1.45% 91.71%
GCC 0.03% 2.16% 1.07% 3.26%
independent assessments of the efficiency of the internal e. Strengthens the Company’s resilience to market disruption
Arab 0.17% 0.002% 0.00% 0.17%
control system. and evolving business practices. Foreign 0.32% 4.54% 0.00% 4.86%
The Company’s risks are monitored by a dedicated enterprise Total 3.3% 94.1% 2.5% 100%
Audit and Assurance Function risk unit and this unit provides quarterly reports to the Audit
Committee and Board of Directors. Statement of shareholders who held 5% or more of ADNOC L&S capital as at December 31, 2024
The Board of Directors has approved and implemented
governance functions and structures, including an Audit and
Assurance function that is independent of the Executive Identified issues and recent developments Name Number of Shares Held % of the Shares Held of ADNOC L&S capital
Management and reports directly to the Company’s Audit
For 2024, no significant issues were identified with respect to Abu Dhabi National Oil Company 5,992,783,999 81%
Committee. The key objective of the Audit and Assurance
the Company’s compliance and control systems.
function is to provide assurance and advice on the adequacy
of the Company’s internal control environment, corporate
governance framework and risk management processes. Violations committed during 2024
Our Audit and Assurance Division is led by Mr. Malav Patel who No violations were committed by ADNOC Logistics & Services
was appointed as Vice President Audit and Assurance in 2017. PLC in 2024
Mr. Patel is responsible for reporting the Audit and Assurance

===== PAGE 47 =====
90 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 91
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
General Information continued Glossary
Statement of shareholding distribution by the size of equity as at December 31, 2024 EN Full Form
AED Arab Emirates Dirhams
US$ United States Dollar
Share(s) Owned Number of Shareholders Number of Shares Held % of Shares Held
ABC Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Less than 50,000 26679 66,333,084 0.90%
From 50,000 to less than 500,000 717 107,275,360 1.45% ADDA Abu Dhabi Accounting Authority
From 500,000 to less than 5,000,000 180 295,525,917 3.99% ADGM Abu Dhabi Global Markets
More than 5,000,000 42 6,929,364,403 93.66%
ADSB Abu Dhabi Ship Building
ADNOC Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
Investor relations can be contacted at ir.als@adnoc.ae Tel: 02 628535
ADNOC L&S ADNOC Logistics and Services PLC
Additional investor relations information can be found on our website https://adnocls.ae/en/investors ADX Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange
AGM Annual General Meeting
Share performance compared with our sector index AW Shipping Joint Venture Company Between ADNOC L&S and Wanhua Chemical Group
Bn Billion
140 CASH or cash Cash, Cash Equivalent and Liquid Investments
CAPEX or capex Capital Expenditure
130
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CFO Chief Financial Officer
120
COe Carbon Dioxide Equivalent 2
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility
110
DD&A Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
DOA Delegation of Authority
100
EBTIDA Earning Before Tax, Interest, Depreciation & Amortization
90 EPC Engineering, Procurement, Construction
ESG Environmental, Social, and Governance
80 EU European Union
EU ETS European Union Emission Trading System
70
Jan 24 Feb 24 Mar 24 Apr 24 May 24 Jun 24 Jul 24 Aug 24 Sep 24 Oct 24 Nov 24 Dec 24 FID Final Investment Decision
FSU Floating Storage Unit
ADNOC L&S ADX Index ADX Industrials Index
FY Full Year
G&A General and Administration
GCC Gulf Cooperation Council
GDP Gross Domestic Product
GHG Greenhouse Gas
HNS Hazardous and Noxious Substances
HSE Health, Safety, and Environment
HSES Health, Safety, Environmental and Security
IAS International Accounting Standards
ICV In-Country Value
IESBA Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards
ILSP Integrated Logistics Services Platform
IMF International Monetary Fund
IMO International Marine Organization
IPIECA The Global Oil and Gas Industry Association for Environmental and Social Issues
IPO Initial Public Offering
ISA International Standards of Auditing
ISM International Safety Management

===== PAGE 48 =====
92 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 93
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Glossary continued Notes
EN Full Form
ISO International Organization for Standardization
IWM Integrated Warehouse Management
JOC Joint Operating Company
JUB Jack-Up Barge
JV Joint Venture
k Thousands
Km Kilometer
km2 Square Kilometer
KSA Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
KPI Key Performance Indicators
LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
LOPC Loss of Primary Containment
LPG Liquefied Petroleum Gas
LTI Lost Time Injury
LTIFR Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
LTIP Long Term Incentive Plan
m Million
M&A Mergers and Acquisitions
MENA Middle East and North Africa region
NAV Net Asset Value
OCF Operating Cash Flow
OMS Operations Management System
OS Oil Spill
OSR Oil Spill Response
Opex Operational Expenditure
PP&E Property, Plant and Equipment
PSC Production Sharing Contract or Production Sharing Agreement
SCM Supply Chain Management
SDGs Sustainable Development Goals
Shares Ordinary Shares
SOLAS Safety of Life at Sea
TCFD Task-Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures
TCOe Tonnage of Carbon Dioxide Equivalent
2
TOR Terms of Reference
TRIR TotalRecordable IncidentRate
TSR Total Shareholder Return
UAE United Arab Emirates
UK United Kingdom
US United States of America
VLAC Very Large Ammonia Carrier
VLCC Very Large Crude Carrier
VLEC Very Large Ethane Carrier
VTIS Vessel Traffic Information Service
YTD Year-to-date
ZMI Zakher Marine International
1H First Half

===== PAGE 49 =====
94 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 95
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Financial
Directors’ report 96
Independent auditor’s report
to the shareholders of ADNOC
Statements Logistics & Services PLC 97
Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income 103
Consolidated statement
of financial position 104
Consolidated statement
of changes in equity 105
Consolidated statement
of cash flows 106
Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income 107
Notes to the consolidated
financial statements 108

===== PAGE 50 =====
96 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 97
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Directors’ Report Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders
For the year ended 31 December 2024 of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC
The Directors have the pleasure of submitting their report, together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC for the year ended 31 December 2024. Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
Principal activities of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) as at 31 December 2024,
and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS
The Company and its subsidiaries set out in Note 2.2 (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in the business of
Accounting Standards.
providing onshore and offshore logistics and transportation services to energy production facilities including material handling,
manpower and equipment supply, provision of storage facilities and related services, provision of office space and the supply of What we have audited
chemicals, catering and other onshore and offshore oil and gas field services; the operation and maintenance of supply bases The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
supporting those activities; EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction; freight and charter
• the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024;
services for the transportation of oil, gas and related petroleum produces on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third
parties; petroleum ports operations services, and oil spill and hazardous and noxious substances response services. • the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
Results and appropriation of profits
• the notes to the consolidated financial statements comprising material accounting policy information and other
Revenue for the year was USD 3,549,330 thousand (2023: USD 2,755,152 thousand) and the profit for the year was USD 756,170
explanatory information.
thousand (2023: USD 620,159 thousand).
Retained earnings as at 31 December 2024 were USD 899,438 thousand (2023: USD 410,793 thousand).
Basis for opinion
In the meeting of the Board of Directors on 11 February 2025, it was proposed that a final cash dividend of USD 136,500
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and the applicable requirements of Abu
thousand is paid in quarter two of 2025.
Dhabi Accountability Authority (“ADAA”) Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards
for the Subject Entities. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the
Statement of disclosure to auditors audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
The Directors of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC certify that as far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information of We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
which the Group’s auditor is unaware, and that they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to
Independence
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Group’s auditor is aware of that information.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and
External auditors the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”)
together with applicable ethical and independence requirements of United Arab Emirates that are relevant to our audit of the
A resolution to reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership (ADGM Branch) auditors for the ensuing year will be put
consolidated financial statements in the United Arab Emirates. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
with these requirements and the IESBA Code.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
…………………………………………
Chairman

===== PAGE 51 =====
98 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 99
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders
of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC continued
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued) Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
Our audit approach Key audit matters (continued)
Overview
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the Key audit matter
Key audit matters
Carrying value of property, plant and equipment Our audit procedures in this area included the following among
• Carrying value of property, plant and equipment
others:
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated Refer to notes 3, 3.1 and 11 to the consolidated
financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of financial statements for disclosures of related • assessed, on a sample basis, the reasonableness of
significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. accounting policies and balances management’s estimate of useful lives of vessels based on our
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters The carrying value of the Group’s property, plant and knowledge and experience of the industry and by comparing to
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. equipment as at 31 December 2024 was USD 4.5 similar entities;
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated billion, of which USD 3.8 billion relates to vessels and • reviewed the Group’s assessment of possible internal and
financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the marine equipment. This category of property, plant external indicators of impairment in relation to the vessels by
industry in which the Group operates. and equipment represents 55% of the Group’s total reference to the IFRS Accounting Standards impairment criteria;
assets, thereby accounting for and a material portion and
Key audit matters
of the consolidated statement of financial position.
• evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in the consolidated
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
The useful lives of the vessels and consideration of financial statements, including disclosures of key assumptions
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
impairment triggers involves management judgement and judgements.
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
and is reviewed annually.
these matters.
We focused on this area because of the significance
of the vessels and marine equipment to the
consolidated financial statements and judgement
applied by management in estimating the useful lives
and assessing any potential impairment triggers.

===== PAGE 52 =====
100 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 101
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders
of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC continued
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued) Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
Other information Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report (but does not Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
auditor’s report, and the Group’s Annual Report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and the applicable
requirements of ADAA Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the Subject
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
Entities will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs and the applicable requirements of ADAA Chairman’s Resolution No 88 of 2021 statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the Subject Entities, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
report in this regard.
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
When we read the Group’s Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
communicate the matter to those charged with governance.
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements internal control.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
with IFRS Accounting Standards and their preparation in compliance with the applicable provisions of the ADGM Companies circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
Regulations 2020, as amended, the ADGM Companies Regulations (International Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, and for • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements disclosures made by management.
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

===== PAGE 53 =====
102 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 103
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
of ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC continued For the year ended 31 December 2024
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued) 2024 2023
Notes USD’000 USD’000
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
Revenues 4 3,549,330 2,755,152
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
Direct costs 5 (2,608,784) (2,003,225)
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
Gross profit 940,546 751,927
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
General and administrative expenses 6 (141,522) (146,436)
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
Reversal of (provision for) expected credit losses 17 & 24 2,649 (2,672)
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
Other expenses (4,310) –
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, Other income 7 19,896 10,865
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
Operating profit 817,259 613,684
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Share of profit from a joint venture 15 14,198 14,071
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements Finance income 9 15,594 9,785
As required by the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”) Companies Regulations 2020, as amended, and the ADGM Companies Finance costs 10 (18,034) (15,098)
Regulations (International Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, we report that: Profit before tax for the year 829,017 622,442
i. the consolidated financial statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable Deferred tax credit 30 868 1,123
requirements of the ADGM Companies Regulations 2020, as amended, and the ADGM Companies Regulations (International Deferred tax expense 30 (1,123) –
Accounting Standards) Rules 2015; and Current tax expense 30 (72,592) (3,406)
Profit for the year 756,170 620,159
ii. the information given in the Directors’ report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Other comprehensive income
Further, as required by the ADAA Chairman’s Resolution no 88 of 2021 Regarding financial statements Audit Standards for the
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Subject Entities, we report, in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
Re-measurement (loss) gain on employee defined benefit obligation 22 (1,025) 612
31 December 2024, that nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Company has not complied, in all
material respects, with any of the provisions of the following laws, regulations and circulars as applicable, which would materially Total comprehensive income for the year 755,145 620,771
affect its activities or the financial statements as at 31 December 2024: Basic and diluted earnings per share 21 0.10 0.08
i. its Articles of Association which would materially affect its activities or its financial position as at 31 December 2024; and
The attached notes on pages 108-162 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
ii. applicable provisions of the relevant laws, resolutions and circulars that have an impact on the Subject Entity’s consolidated
financial statements.
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Limited Partnership (ADGM Branch)
NIZAR JICHI
…………………………………………
11 February 2025

===== PAGE 54 =====
104 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 105
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Consolidated Statement of changes in equity
As at 31 December 2024 For the year ended 31 December 2024
2024 2023 Share General Retained Shareholder
Notes USD’000 USD’000 capital reserve earnings contribution Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
ASSETS
Balance as at 1 January 2023 272,294 103,226 1,067,285 357,485 1,800,290
Non-current assets
Shareholder contribution converted to share capital 357,485 – – (357,485) –
Property, plant and equipment 11 4,543,335 3,806,543 Equitisation of loan from shareholder – – – 1,900,000 1,900,000
Right-of-use assets 12 161,691 148,146 Shareholder loan converted to share capital 1,900,000 – – (1,900,000) –
Intangible assets 13 11,078 11,440
Remaining consideration payable on acquisition of ZMI
Investment properties 14 92,501 95,269
assumed by the shareholder – – – 149,920 149,920
Investment in a joint venture 15 267,775 76,712
Impact of share capital issued on capital reorganization 1,465,410 (103,226) (1,212,264) (149,920) –
Goodwill 29 51,368 51,368
Dividend paid (note 19) – – (64,999) – (64,999)
Advances to shipyards 17 229,882 38,884
Profit for the year – – 620,159 – 620,159
Sub-lease receivables 12 12,842 29,201
Actuarial gain on defined benefit obligation (note 22) – – 612 – 612
Deferred tax asset 30 – 1,123
Balance as at 31 December 2023 3,995,189 – 410,793 – 4,405,982
Total non-current assets 5,370,472 4,258,686
Balance as at 1 January 2024 3,995,189 – 410,793 – 4,405,982
Current assets
Dividend paid (note 19) – – (266,500) – (266,500)
Inventories 16 132,687 120,720 Profit for the year – – 756,170 – 756,170
Trade and other receivables 17 420,479 388,320 Actuarial loss on defined benefit obligation (note 22) – – (1,025) – (1,025)
Due from related parties 24 864,410 742,847
Balance as at 31 December 2024 3,995,189 – 899,438 – 4,894,627
Sub-lease receivables 12 16,359 19,386
Cash and cash equivalents 18 198,919 215,709
The attached notes on pages 108-162 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Total current assets 1,632,854 1,486,982
TOTAL ASSETS 7,003,326 5,745,668
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital 19 3,995,189 3,995,189
Retained earnings 899,438 410,793
Total equity 4,894,627 4,405,982
Non-current liabilities
Shareholder loan 24 550,000 100,000
Lease liabilities 12 130,171 145,241
Dismantling liabilities 12 2,009 1,873
Due to related parties 24 – 17,909
Deferred tax liability 30 34,803 35,671
Employees’ end of service benefits 22 39,515 32,631
Total non-current liabilities 756,498 333,325
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 23 956,307 708,927
Lease liabilities 12 59,130 44,313
Income tax payable 30 65,391 –
Due to related parties 24 271,373 253,121
Total current liabilities 1,352,201 1,006,361
TOTAL LIABILITIES 2,108,699 1,339,686
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 7,003,326 5,745,668
H.E. DR. SULTAN AHMED AL JABER
Chairman of the Board
ABDULKAREEM ALMESSABI
Chief Executive Officer
NICHOLAS GLEESON
Chief Financial Officer
The attached notes on pages 108-162 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

===== PAGE 55 =====
106 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 107
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024 For the year ended 31 December 2024
2024 2023 2024 2023
Notes USD’000 USD’000 Notes USD’000 USD’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the year 756,170 620,159 Purchase of property, plant and equipment (810,851) (774,015)
Adjustments for: Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and
Deferred tax credit 30 (868) (1,123) equipment 2,753 3,733
Deferred tax expense 30 1,123 – Investment in a joint venture 15 (176,865) –
Current tax expense 30 72,592 3,406 Advances paid to shipyards 17 (229,882) –
Profit before tax 829,017 622,442 Interest received 13,799 7,678
Adjustments for:
Net cash used in investing activities (1,201,046) (762,604)
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 11 266,207 216,558
Depreciation on investment properties 14 5,259 5,165 FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 12 39,062 19,650 Proceeds from shareholder loan 24 450,000 100,000
Profit on initial recognition of sub-lease receivables 12 – (4,211) Interest paid on shareholder loan (5,418) (1,589)
Provision for dismantling expenses 12 136 146 Upfront fee paid on shareholder loan 24 – (3,700)
Provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories 16 692 758 Dividends paid 19 (266,500) (64,999)
Amortization of intangible assets 13 6,811 7,153 Interest portion on lease liabilities (9,831) (7,893)
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 7 (1,677) (1,955) Principal portion of lease liabilities (52,860) (31,087)
Reversal of expected credit losses
Net cash generated from (used in) financing activities 115,391 (9,268)
on trade receivables 17 (4,112) (1,616)
Provision for expected credit losses on NET (DECREASE) / INCREASE IN CASH EQUIVALENTS (16,790) 50,776
on due from related parties 24 1,463 4,288 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 215,709 164,933
Provision for employees’ end of service benefits 22 7,222 5,814
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR 18 198,919 215,709
Share of profit from a joint venture 15 (14,198) (14,071)
Finance income 9 (15,594) (9,785) Significant non-cash transactions excluded from the consolidated statement of
Finance costs 10 18,034 15,098 cash flows are:
1,138,322 865,434
Additions to right-of-use assets 12 52,607 100,588
Working capital adjustments:
Additions to sub-lease receivables 12 – 41,016
Inventories (12,659) (15,908)
Additions to lease liabilities 12 52,607 141,604
Trade and other receivables (28,047) (103,895)
Shareholder loan converted to share capital – 2,257,485
Due from related parties (123,026) (281,181)
Remaining consideration payable on acquisition of ZMI assumed by the shareholder
Trade and other payables 102,083 245,227
and converted to share capital – 149,920
Pension liabilities paid (18,952) (18,952)
Total comprehensive income for the period 1 January to 31 March 2023 converted
Due to related parties 161 119,400
to share capital – 144,929
1,057,882 810,125
Employees’ end of service benefits paid 22 (2,996) (4,311)
The attached notes on pages 108-162 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Interest portion of sub-leases 12 1,795 2,107
Principal portion of sub-leases 12 19,386 16,025
Tax paid (7,201) (569)
Interest paid (1) (729)
Net cash generated from operating activities 1,068,865 822,648
The attached notes on pages 108-162 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

===== PAGE 56 =====
108 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 109
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
1 General information 2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued)
ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC (the “Company”) was incorporated on 19 April 2023 as a public company limited by shares, 2.2 Basis of Consolidation
with registration number 000009847, pursuant to the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”) (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2020. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries listed below:
The Company has been established for the purpose of serving as a holding company for the Abu Dhabi Marine Business and
Services Company P.J.S.C. Group.
Country of incorporation Percentage holding
In 2023, the shareholders approved the listing of the Company’s shares on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, whereby 19% of
31 December 31 December
its shares were offered in an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”). As of the reporting date, ADNOC held 81% of the issued share capital 2024 2023
of the Group, while the remaining 19% is held by the general public.
Direct subsidiaries
The Company is controlled by the ultimate parent Company Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”). ADNOC is wholly Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C UAE 100% 100%
owned by the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. Indirect subsidiaries
Abu Dhabi Marine Operations and Services Company LLC UAE 100% 100%
In 2023, a capital reorganization took effect, which resulted in ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC becoming the parent entity of Abu Dhabi Marine Assets Company LLC UAE 100% 100%
the previous Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C. Group. The consolidated ADNOC Logistics & Services Abu Dhabi Marine International Holdings RSC Limited UAE 100% 100%
PLC therefore represents a continuation of the business of the Group. Refer to Note 31 for details on the capital reorganization Zinc Holdco RSC Ltd UAE 100% 100%
of the Group. Al Gafai Marine Services Company LLC UAE 100% 100%
Sirdal National Marine Services Company LLC UAE 100% 100%
The Company and its subsidiaries set out in Note 2.2 (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in the business of
National Gas Carriers Company Liberia 100% 100%
providing onshore and offshore logistics and transportation services to energy production facilities including material handling,
Abu Dhabi National Shipping Company BVI British Virgin Islands 100% 100%
manpower and equipment supply, provision of storage facilities and related services, provision of office space and the supply of Abu Dhabi Marine International Chartering Holdings RSC Limited UAE 100% 100%
chemicals, catering and other onshore and offshore oil and gas field services; the operation and maintenance of supply bases Abu Dhabi Marine International Operations Holdings RSC Limited UAE 100% 100%
supporting those activities; EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction; freight and charter Umm Al Lulu Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
services for the transportation of oil, gas and related petroleum produces on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third Janana Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
parties; petroleum ports operations services, and oil spill and hazardous and noxious substances response services. Al Bazem Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
Al Samha Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
The registered office of the Company is Level 28, 28, Al Sarab Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu
Al Sader Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Al Reem I Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
Ghantout Marine Services – Sole Proprietorship LLC UAE 100% 100%
The consolidated financial statements of the Group were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors and
Abu Dhabi III Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
signed on their behalf on 11 February 2025.
Bani Yas Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Mezaira’a Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Arrilah I Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
2 Basis of preparation and accounting policies
Abu Al Abyad Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
2.1 Basis of Preparation Al Yasat II Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Statement of compliance Liwa V Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Diyyinah I Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and interpretations
Yamilah III Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) applicable to companies reporting under IFRS Accounting Standards as
Butinah Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB). Ras Ghumays I Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Functional and presentation currency Yas Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Al Karama Shipping Company Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
HoldCo 1 Inc Liberia 100% 100%
economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). Because the Company is incorporated under the HoldCo 2 Inc Liberia 100% 100%
ADGM, the financial information is required to be presented in USD. Al Khtam Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Al Ruwais Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Basis of measurement
Tarif Inc Liberia 100% 100%
The consolidated financial statements have been presented in United States Dollars (USD), which is the presentation currency of Al Bateen Inc Liberia 100% 100%
the Group as well as of the ultimate holding Company. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (USD’000), except where Al Falah Inc Liberia 100% 100%
otherwise indicated. Al Khaznah Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Shahamah Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Ghasha Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Ish Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Umm Al Ashtan Limited Liberia 100% 100%
Al Hamra Limited Liberia 100% 100%
Mraweh Limited Liberia 100% 100%
Hafeet Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Habshan Inc Liberia 100% 100%
Al Bahya Inc Liberia 100% 100%

===== PAGE 57 =====
110 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 111
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
2 Basis of preparation and accounting policies (continued) 2 Basis of preparation and accounting policies (continued)
2.2 Basis of consolidation (continued) 2.2 Basis of consolidation (continued)
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries listed below:
Country of incorporation Percentage holding
Country of incorporation Percentage holding 31 December 31 December
31 December 31 December 2024 2023
2024 2023
Indirect subsidiaries (continued)
Indirect subsidiaries (continued) Nadiya Inc Panama 100% 100%
Mubaraz Limited Liberia 100% 100% Zakher Marine Saudi Company Limited KSA 100% 100%
Al Wathba Inc Liberia 100% 100% Premier Marine Services W.L.L Qatar 100% 100%
Al Dhafra Inc Liberia 100% 100% Volo Travel and Tourism (Sole Proprietorship) L.L.C UAE 100% 100%
Das Inc Liberia 100% 100% Lextus Inc Panama 100% 100%
Zakum Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Offshore Industries L.L.C UAE 100% 100%
Hili Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Neptune Inc Panama 100% 100%
Arzanah Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Aquarius Inc Panama 100% 100%
Al Jimi Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Leo Inc Panama 100% 100%
Barakah Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Amora Inc Panama 100% 100%
Jarnain Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Sentinel Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 1 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Nouf Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 2 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Amouage Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 3 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Kinoa Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 4 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Pandan Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 16 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Pili Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 18 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Pesto Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 19 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Pluto One Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 20 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Pluto Two Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 21 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Turquoise Inc Panama 100% 100%
Newco 22 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Zirconium Inc Panama 100% –
Newco 23 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Al Khatem Inc Panama 100% –
Newco 24 Inc Liberia 100% 100% QMS Al Muzn Panama 100% –
Newco 25 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 36 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 26 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 37 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 27 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 38 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 28 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 39 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 29 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 40 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 30 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 41 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 31 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 42 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 32 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 43 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 33 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 44 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 34 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Newco 45 Inc Liberia 100% –
Newco 35 Inc Liberia 100% 100% Hyper Holdco RSC Limited UAE 100% –
ZMI Holdings Cayman Islands 100% 100% Hyper Issuerco SPV RSV Limited UAE 100% –
Zakher Marine International Inc Panama 100% 100% ALS International Ship Chartering Limited UAE 100% –
Zakher Marine International Inc. – Abu Dhabi Branch UAE 100% 100% Compass Holdco RSC Limited UAE 100% –
QMS Holding Limited British Virgin Islands 100% 100%
QMS 2 Offshore Services Ltd Saint Vincent & Grenadines 100% 100% Joint venture
QMS 2 Offshore Services Ltd. – Abu Dhabi Branch UAE 100% 100% AW Shipping Limited UAE 50% 50%
QMS Petroleum Services Inc Panama 100% 100%
MBBS Inc Panama 100% 100% The financial statements of the subsidiaries and these consolidated financial statements have the same calendar year and use
Al Shahama Inc Panama 100% 100% consistent accounting policies for each year presented. All intra-group balances, transactions, income and expenses, and profits
Al Bahia Inc Panama 100% 100% and losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated. Companies linked to one another by consolidation are
Al Maryah Inc Panama 100% 100%
integrated through the aggregation of accounts, in accordance with rules identical to those for full consolidation.
QMS China Inc Panama 100% 100%
QMS Achiever Inc Panama 100% 100% The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
QMS Gladiator Inc Panama 100% 100% certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the
Petrodrill Inc Panama 100% 100% Group’s accounting policies.
Subhiya Inc Panama 100% 100%
QMS Gloria Inc Panama 100% 100%
Bani Yas Inc Panama 100% 100%

===== PAGE 58 =====
112 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 113
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued) 2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued)
2.2 Basis of consolidation (continued) 2.2 Basis of consolidation (continued)
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are material to the Disposal of subsidiaries
consolidated financial statements have been disclosed in Note 3.1. When the Group ceases to have control any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value at the date when control
Subsidiaries is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the
purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when
amounts previously recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in
returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
other comprehensive income are reclassified to the profit or loss.
Group. They are deconsolidated from the date when control ceases. Upon loss of control, the Group derecognizes the assets
and liabilities of the subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and other components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any Capital reorganization
surplus or deficit arising on loss of control is recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the Group Business combination under common control
retains any interest in the previous subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair value at the date that the control is lost.
A business combination involving entities or businesses under common control is a business combination in which all the
The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the combination
The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and that control is not transitory.
to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the Transactions giving rise to the transfer of interests in entities, which are under the common control of the Shareholders, are
fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. accounted for using the predecessor value method without restatement of comparative information. The assets and liabilities
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at acquired are recognized at the carrying amounts recognized previously in the books of the transferor entity. The components of
their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by- equity of the acquired entities are added to the same components within Group equity. Any difference between the
acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognized amounts of consideration paid and capital of the acquiree is recognized directly in equity.
acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Transactions involving newly established entities that do not qualify as business combinations are accounted for as capital
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. reorganizations. In its consolidated financial statements, the acquirer incorporates the assets and liabilities of the existing entity
at their pre-combination carrying amounts without fair value uplift. The pre-combination book values reflect the carrying values
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
in the books of the existing entity. The acquirer’s consolidated financial statements include the acquired entity’s full-year results
in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date through the profit or loss.
(including comparatives), even though the business combination might have occurred part of the way through the year, or they
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent incorporate the results from the date when the entity joined the group, where such a date is later.
changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized in accordance
with IFRS 9 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
re-measured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. 2.3 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
2.3.1 New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial
If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognized and previously held interest measured is less than
statements
the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income as a bargain purchase. The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial information are consistent with those
followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023,
Inter-group transactions, balances, income and expenses on transactions between subsidiaries are eliminated. Profits and
and the notes thereto, except for the adoption of certain new and revised standards, that became effective in the current period,
losses resulting from inter-group transactions that are recognized in assets are also eliminated. Accounting policies of
as set out below:
subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
Non-current liabilities with covenants – Amendments to IAS 1 (effective 1 January 2024) IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
Statements in 2020 clarified that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions – that is,
the end of the reporting period. Classification is unaffected by the entity’s expectations or events after the reporting date (e.g.,
as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the
the receipt of a waiver or a breach of covenant). The amendments also clarified what IAS 1 means when it refers to the
relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals of
‘settlement’ of a liability.
non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
The new amendments clarify that covenants of loan arrangements will not affect classification of a liability as current or non-
current at the reporting date if the entity must only comply with the covenants after the reporting date. However, if the entity
must comply with a covenant either before or at the reporting date, this will affect the classification as current or non-current,
even if the covenant is only tested for compliance after the reporting date.

===== PAGE 59 =====
114 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 115
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued) 2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued)
2.3 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued) 2.3 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued)
2.3.1 New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements 2.3.2 New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted
(continued) The Group has not early adopted new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective.
Non-current liabilities with covenants – Amendments to IAS 1 (effective 1 January 2024) (continued)
Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture – Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28
The amendments require disclosures if an entity classifies a liability as non-current and that liability is subject to covenants that (effective date not finalized) The IASB has made limited scope amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements and
the entity must comply with within 12 months of the reporting date. The amendments must be applied retrospectively in IAS 28 Investments in associates and joint ventures. The amendments clarify the accounting treatment for sales or contribution
accordance with the normal requirements in IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors of assets between an investor and its associates or joint ventures. They confirm that the accounting treatment depends on
Lease liability in sale and leaseback – amendments to IFRS 16 (effective 1 January 2024) The IASB finalized narrow-scope whether the non-monetary assets sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture constitute a ‘business’ (as defined in IFRS
amendments to the requirements for sale and leaseback transactions in IFRS 16 Leases which explain how an entity accounts 3 Business Combinations).
for a sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction. Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability (effective 1 January 2025) The IASB amended IAS 21 to add requirements
The amendments specify that, in measuring the lease liability subsequent to the sale and leaseback, the seller-lessee to help entities to determine whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency, and the spot exchange rate to use when
determines ‘lease payments’ and ‘revised lease payments’ in a way that does not result in the seller-lessee recognizing any it is not. Prior to these amendments, IAS 21 set out the exchange rate to use when exchangeability is temporarily lacking, but not
amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use that it retains. This could particularly impact sale and leaseback what to do when lack of exchangeability is not temporary.
transactions where the lease payments include variable payments that do not depend on an index or a rate. Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
Supplier finance arrangements – Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 (effective 1 January 2024) The IASB has issued new (effective 1 January 2026) The IASB issued targeted amendments to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial
disclosure requirements about supplier financing arrangements (‘SFAs’), after feedback to an IFRS Interpretations Committee Instruments: Disclosures to respond to recent questions arising in practice, and to include new requirements not only for
agenda decision highlighted that the information required by IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: financial institutions but also for corporate entities. These amendments:
Disclosures falls short of meeting user information needs. a. clarify the date of recognition and derecognition of some financial assets and liabilities, with a new exception for some
The objective of the new disclosures is to provide information about SFAs that enables investors to assess the effects on an financial liabilities settled through an electronic cash transfer system;
entity’s liabilities, cash flows and the exposure to liquidity risk. The new disclosures include information about the following: b. clarify and add further guidance for assessing whether a financial asset meets the solely payments of principal and interest
The terms and conditions of SFAs (SPPI) criterion;
1. T he carrying amounts of financial liabilities that are part of SFAs and the line items in which those liabilities are presented. c. a dd new disclosures for certain instruments with contractual terms that can change cash flows (such as some financial
instruments with features linked to the achievement of environment, social and governance targets); and
2. The carrying amount of the financial liabilities in (b) for which suppliers have already received payment from the finance
providers. d. update the disclosures for equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
3. The range of payment due dates for both the financial liabilities that are part of SFAs, and comparable trade payables that are The amendments in (b) are most relevant to financial institutions, but the amendments in (a), (c) and (d) are relevant to all entities.
not part of such arrangements. IFRS 18, ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ (effective 1 January 2027) This is the new standard on
4. Non-cash changes in the carrying amounts of financial liabilities in (b). presentation and disclosure in financial statements, which replaces IAS 1, with a focus on updates to the statement of profit or
loss. The key new concepts introduced in IFRS 18 relate to:
5. Access to SFA facilities and concentration of liquidity risk with finance providers.
• the structure of the statement of profit or loss with defined subtotals;
The IASB has provided transitional relief by not requiring comparative information in the first year, and also not requiring
• requirement to determine the most useful structure summary for presenting expenses in the statement of profit or loss;
disclosure of specified opening balances. Further, the required disclosures are only applicable for annual periods during the first
year of application. Therefore, the earliest that the new disclosures will have to be provided is in annual financial reports for • required disclosures in a single note within the financial statements for certain profit or loss performance measures that are
December 2024 year-ends, unless an entity has a financial year of less than 12 months. reported outside an entity’s financial statements (that is, management-defined performance measures); and
Other than the above, there are no other material IFRS Accounting Standards or amendments that were effective for the first • enhanced principles on aggregation and disaggregation which apply to the primary financial statements and notes in general.
time for the financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
The application of these amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards has not had any material impact on the amounts reported
for the current period but may affect the accounting for the Group’s future transactions or arrangements.

===== PAGE 60 =====
116 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 117
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
2 Basis of Preparation and Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
2.3 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued) IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued)
2.3.2 New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) The Group recognizes revenue from the following major sources:
IFRS 19, ‘Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures’ (effective 1 January 2027). This new standard works Freight/ Voyage charters:
alongside other IFRS Accounting Standards. An eligible subsidiary applies the requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards
Revenue in relation to freight/ voyage charters is recognized over time since the customer simultaneously receives and
except for the disclosure requirements; and it applies instead the reduced disclosure requirements in IFRS 19. IFRS 19’s reduced
consumes the benefits of the Group’s performance in providing integrated transportation services.
disclosure requirements balance the information needs of the users of eligible subsidiaries’ financial statements with cost
Vessel time charters:
savings for preparers. IFRS 19 is a voluntary standard for eligible subsidiaries. A subsidiary is eligible if it does not have public
accountability, and it has an ultimate or intermediate parent that produces consolidated financial statements available for public Time charters contain a lease component (i.e., hire of the vessel) and service components (i.e., operation of the vessel and
use that comply with IFRS Accounting Standards. maintenance service etc.). Revenue from hire of vessel is recognized over the lease term and revenue from services is
recognized over time. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation using an expected cost-plus
The Group is currently assessing the impact of these standards amendments on the future consolidated financial statements of
margin approach.
the Group, and intends to adopt it, if applicable, when it becomes effective.
Vessel bareboat charters:
Bareboat charters contain only a lease component (i.e., hire of the vessel) and does not contain service components (i.e.,
3 Material Accounting Policies
operation of the vessel and maintenance service etc.). Revenue from hire of vessel is recognized over the lease term.
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Sale of goods:
The Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on a five-step model as set out in IFRS 15:
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been
Step 1: I dentify contract(s) with a customer: A contract is defined as an agreement between two or more parties that creates delivered to the customers. Revenue from sale of goods is recognized at a point of time. Sale of goods primarily include sale of
enforceable rights and obligations and sets out the criteria for every contract that must be met. drilling chemicals, bunkers, petrol and water.
Step 2: I dentify performance obligations in the contract: A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to Rendering of services:
transfer a good or service to the customer.
The Group provides port services, base operation services and oil field services to customers. Revenue is recognized over time
Step 3: D etermine the transaction price: The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be since customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Group’s performance in providing services under
entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf contractual terms.
of third parties.
Rental income:
Step 4: A llocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: For a contract that has more than one
The Group’s policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy on leasing below.
performance obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount that
EPC (Engineering, procurement and construction contract revenue):
depicts the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for satisfying each
performance obligation. Revenue from EPC contracts is recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the outcome of the
contract can be reliably estimated. The measurement of contract revenue is affected by a variety of uncertainties (including cost
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation.
estimation and surveys of work performed) that depend on the outcome of future events.
The Group satisfies a performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met:
Contract revenue is recognized over time in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income based on the stage of
a. T he Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternate use to the Group and the Group has as an enforceable completion of the contracts. The stage of completion can be measured by various methods. The management uses one of the
right to payment for performance completed to date. following methods that measure reliably the actual work performed on the contract, depending on the nature of the contract:
b. T he Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. • surveys of work performed; or
c. T he customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the • the proportion that costs incurred to date bear to the estimated total costs of the contract
Group performs.
When the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized only to the extent of contract costs
IFRS 15 requires entities to exercise judgement, taking into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances when incurred that is probable to be recovered. Contract costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
applying each step of the model to contracts with their customers. The above estimates often need to be revised as events occur and uncertainties are resolved. Therefore, the amount of contract
revenue recognized may increase or decrease from year to year.
Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in a contract with a customer and
excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a product or
service to a customer.

===== PAGE 61 =====
118 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 119
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Property, plant and equipment Borrowing costs
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and/or accumulated impairment losses, if any. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets (such as vessels), which
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the assets’ costs to their residual values over their are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of
estimated useful lives as follows: those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Useful life
To the extent that variable rate borrowings are used to finance a qualifying asset and are hedged in an effective cash flow hedge
Buildings, wharves and land improvements 7 – 25 years
of interest rate risk, the effective portion of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and reclassified to the
Offshore vessels 20 – 25 years
consolidated statement of profit or loss when the qualifying asset affects it. To the extent that fixed-rate borrowings are used to
Vessels – Tankers 25 years
finance a qualifying asset and are hedged in an effective fair value hedge of interest rate risk, the capitalized borrowing costs
Vessels – Dry-Bulk and Containers 25 years
reflect the hedged interest rate. Vessels – Gas Carriers 25 – 40 years
Jack-Up barges 40 years Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets
Dry docking components of vessel and marine equipment 2 – 5 years is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization. All other borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated
Plant 20 years statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they are incurred.
Equipment and vehicles 4 – 10 years
Investment properties
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 4 – 5 years
Investment properties, which are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation, are initially measured at cost,
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed annually, with the effect of any changes in including transaction costs.
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
Depreciation on investment properties is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 20 - 25 years.
An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognized, is derecognized upon disposal or when no
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any
future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated
changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the profit or loss as
other income/(loss) when the asset is derecognized. The gains or losses arising on the disposal or retirement of investment properties is determined as the difference between the
sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than in the year.
its estimated recoverable amount.
Investment in a joint venture
Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the
asset are considered to modify the depreciation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting
net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only
estimates.
when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
The Group reassesses the salvage value of the vessels based on the scrap value rate on a yearly basis to ensure accurate
The considerations made in determining significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control
financial reporting and compliance with IFRS accounting standards.
over subsidiaries.
Dry docking
The Group’s investments in its joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.
Major dry docking is capitalized when incurred and is depreciated over the period until the next major dry dock which is normally
60 months. Under the equity method, the investment in a joint venture is initially recognized at cost. The carrying amount of the investment
is adjusted to recognize changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture since the acquisition date.
Capital work in progress
The profit or loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the joint venture. Any change in OCI of those
Capital work in progress is included in property, plant and equipment at cost, on the basis of the percentage completed at the
investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of
reporting date. The capital work in progress is transferred to the appropriate asset category and depreciated in accordance with
the joint venture, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity.
the Group’s policies when construction of the asset is completed and the asset is commissioned.
Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate or joint venture are eliminated to
The costs of capital work in progress will be transferred to property, plant and equipment when these assets reach their the extent of the interest in the joint venture.
working condition for their intended use. The carrying amounts of capital work-in-progress are reviewed for impairment when
The aggregate of the Group’s joint ventures and associates is shown on the face of the consolidated statement of
events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. If any such indication exists and
comprehensive income outside operating profit and represents profit or loss and non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries of
where the carrying amounts exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are immediately written down to their
the joint venture.
recoverable amount.

===== PAGE 62 =====
120 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 121
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Investment in a joint venture (continued) Leases (continued)
The consolidated financial statements of the joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When i) Right-of-use assets
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group. The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available
After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognize an impairment loss on its for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
investment in its joint venture. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial
investment in the joint venture is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
difference between the recoverable amount of the joint venture and its carrying value, then recognizes the loss as part of “Share Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at
of profit of a joint venture”, and then recognizes the loss in the profit or loss. the end of the lease term, the recognized right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its
estimated useful life and the lease term which is as follows:
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognizes
Useful life
any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss
Land – Main Mussafah base 19 years
of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in
Land – ZMI Mussafah base 30 years
profit or loss.
Land – KIZAD 25 years
Intangible assets Vessels 1.5–5 years
Intangible assets acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses, if any.
ii) Lease liabilities
Amortization is charged on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives are reviewed at
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments
the end of each annual reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any
Intangible assets mainly include computer systems, software and licenses with an estimated useful life of up to 4 years.
lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under
Leases residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expense in the
period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
Group as a lessee
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a
low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to
change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the
use the underlying assets.
underlying asset.
Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options – Group as lessee
Vessel lease contracts
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option
For the vessel lease contracts fulfilling the capitalization criteria defined by IFRS 16, the lease term corresponds to the duration
to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is
of the contracts signed except in cases where the Group is reasonably certain of exercising the renewal options contractually
reasonably certain not to be exercised.
foreseen. Vessel lease contracts concluded by the Group do not include guaranteed value clauses for leased assets.
Group as a lessor
Real-estate lease contracts
The Group subleases certain assets including land and vessels under head leases with lease terms exceeding 12 months at
Based on its analysis, the Group has identified lease contracts according to IFRS 16 concerning surface areas rented in its base
commencement. The Group has classified the subleases as finance leases or operating leases by reference to the right-of-use
in Mussafah and lease contracts on office and other buildings.
asset arising from the head lease. The lease value is capitalized using discounted cash flows and a corresponding lease liability
is recognized. The lease term corresponds to the non-cancellable period which is estimated to be the term until the Group’s sublease
contracts are effective. The discount rate used to calculate the lease liabilities is determined, for each asset, according to the
incremental borrowing rate at the commencement date. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate that the lessee would pay to
borrow the required funds to purchase the asset over a similar term, with a similar security and in a similar economic
environment. This rate is achieved by the addition of the interest rate prevalent in the market (EIBOR) or interest rate on
government bonds and the credit spread, as the case may be. The coupon on government bonds is specific to the location,
currency, period and maturity. The definition of the spread curve is based upon reference points, each point consisting of asset
financing on assets.

===== PAGE 63 =====
122 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 123
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Leases (continued) Financial assets
Types of non-capitalized lease contracts Classification and measurement
The Group uses the two exemptions foreseen by the standard allowing for non-recognition in the statement of financial position: The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics
short-term lease contracts and lease contracts for which the underlying assets have a low value. and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant
financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of property and equipment (i.e., those
measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15.
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Within
the Group, short term property leases mainly relate to leases of: Debt financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), amortized cost, or fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The classification is based on two criteria: the Group’s business model for
• Land at operation sites with a reciprocal notice-period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no penalties associated
managing the assets; and whether the instruments’ contractual cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal and interest’
with non-renewal in these leases;
on the principal amount outstanding (the ‘SPPI criterion’). The most relevant classification for the Group is the financial
• Office and warehouse space lease with a notice-period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no renewal rights that instruments carried at amortized cost.
extend the lease beyond 12 months;
The Group measures financial assets at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:
• Accommodations for expatriates with a notice period equal to or less than 12 months. There are no renewal rights that extend
• The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual
the lease beyond 12 months.
cash flows; and
It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered of low
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis
and interest on the principal amount outstanding
over the lease term.
Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to
Inventories
impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when the asset is
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value and are held for consumption in the vessels. Inventories
derecognized, modified or impaired.
consist of bunkers, lubes, raw materials, finished goods and spare parts. Cost of lubes, raw materials, finished goods and spare
The Group’s financial assets at amortized cost primarily includes trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
parts are determined using the weighted average method. Cost of fuel is determined based on the last purchase price. Net
sublease receivables and due from related parties.
realizable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on disposal.
Impairment of financial assets
Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables and due from related parties. The
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any
amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset
the respective financial instrument.
is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, assets are also allocated to individual cash- initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months
generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
consistent allocation basis can be identified. recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the
timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future
cash flows are discounted to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes
of money and the risks specific to the asset. in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established
a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
debtors and the economic environment.
amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the
events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A The Group considers a financial asset in default when it is 180 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also
reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the
outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset
is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

===== PAGE 64 =====
124 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 125
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Financial instruments – recognition, derecognition and offsetting Provisions (continued)
A financial asset or a financial liability is recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the Provisions for decommissioning and restoration costs, which arise principally in connection with lease of land and facilities, is
instrument. All “regular way” purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date (i.e. the date that the Group estimated at current prices and in accordance with local conditions and requirements and an equivalent amount is included in
commits to purchase or sell the asset). Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require the respective class of asset in property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset. The present value is calculated using
delivery of assets within the time frame generally established by regulation or convention in the market place. amounts discounted over the lease period. The liability is recognized (together with a corresponding amount as part of the
related property, plant and equipment or right-of-use assets) once an obligation crystallizes in the period when a reasonable
A financial asset (or where applicable a part of a financial asset or a part of group of financial assets) is de-recognised
estimate can be made. The effects of changes resulting from revisions to the timing or the amount of the original estimate of the
either when:
provision are reflected on a prospective basis, generally by adjustment to the carrying amount of the related property, plant and
(i) the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired;
equipment and right-of-use asset. However, where there is no related asset, or the change reduces the carrying amount to nil,
(ii) t he Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full without the effect, or the amount in excess of the reduction in the related asset to nil, is recognized in the profit or loss.
material delay to a third party under a ‘pass through’ arrangement; or
Taxation
(iii) t he Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has transferred substantially all the The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income, based on the
risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to
but has transferred control of the asset. temporary differences and to unused tax losses. The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or canceled or expires. enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Group and its subsidiaries and
associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms or the terms of an
to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation
existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability
authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or
and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the profit or loss.
the expected value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty. Current tax is
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position when recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in
there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. directly in equity, respectively.
Financial liabilities Tax comprises an estimate of current and deferred income tax as well as adjustments to previous years taxes. Income tax is a tax
The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition. on taxable profits, and consists of corporation tax, withholding tax of dividends, etc. In addition, tax comprises tonnage tax.
Tonnage tax is classified as tax when creditable in, or paid in lieu of, income tax. Tax is recognized in the consolidated statement
Financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and in the case of borrowings, at fair value of the consideration received
of comprehensive income to the extent that it arises from items recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
income, including tax on gains on intra-group transactions that have been eliminated in the consolidation. Deferred tax is
The Group’s financial liabilities include shareholder loan, due to related parties, trade and other payables and lease liabilities. calculated on temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax is not
Cash and cash equivalents recognized for differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities, where at the time of the transaction neither accounting
nor taxable profit/loss is affected, unless the differences arise in a business combination. In addition, no deferred tax is
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and at banks, current accounts and bank deposits with original maturities of
recognized for undistributed earnings in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates when ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC
three months or less.
controls the timing of dividends. No taxable dividends are currently expected. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent
Provisions that it is probable that it can be utilized within a foreseeable future.
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable
On 9 December 2022 UAE Federal Decree-Law no 47 of 2022 was published setting in place a general corporate income tax for
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
the first time. The profit threshold of AED 375,000 (USD 102,110) at which the 9% tax will apply was set in place by Cabinet
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation at the end of Decision No 116 of 2022 which was published on 16 January 2023 and at this point the tax law was considered enacted for
the reporting period, using a rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to accounting purposes.
the obligation. When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a
Income taxes
third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of
As disclosed in note 30, the UAE Corporate Income Tax Law is now enacted. The Group has recognized current taxes in the
receivable can be measured reliably.
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the movement in the deferred tax balances as at 31 December 2024 in
the consolidated statement of financial position.

===== PAGE 65 =====
126 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 127
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Taxation (continued) Employees’ end of service benefits (continued)
Current income tax Interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the defined benefit liability. The rate used to discount the end of service
Income taxes have been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with legislation enacted by the end benefit obligation is determined by reference to market yields at the consolidated statement of financial position date on high
of the year. The income tax charge comprises current tax and is recognized in consolidated statement of comprehensive quality corporate bonds. The current and non-current portions of the provision relating to employees’ end of service benefits
income for the year, except if it is recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity because it relates to are separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position.
transactions that are also recognized, in the same or a different period, in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. The Group recognizes the following changes in the employees’ end of service benefits in the processing and marketing fees:
Taxable profits or losses are based on estimates if the consolidated financial statements are authorized prior to filing relevant tax • Service costs comprising current service costs
returns. Taxes other than on income are recorded within operating expenses.
• Interest expense
Deferred tax With respect to UAE national employees, contributions are made to Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits Fund,
Deferred income tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method for tax loss carry forwards and temporary differences calculated in accordance with the Fund’s regulations. With respect to GCC national employees, the contributions are made to
arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. In accordance the pension funds or agencies of their respective countries.
with the initial recognition exemption, deferred taxes are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of an asset The provision relating to annual leave, leave passage and pension contribution is considered as a current liability, while that
or a liability in a transaction other than a business combination if the transaction, when initially recorded, affects neither
relating to end of service benefits is disclosed as a non-current liability.
accounting nor taxable profit and at the time of the transaction, does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
Foreign currencies
differences.
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate on the date of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of goodwill, and subsequently for
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. All differences are taken
goodwill which is not deductible for tax purposes. Deferred taxes are recorded on temporary differences arising after initial
to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
recognition of goodwill, including those arising on initial introduction of the tax law in the UAE. Deferred tax balances are
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions.
measured at tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, which are expected to apply to the
period when the temporary differences will reverse or the tax loss carry forwards will be utilized. Value added tax (“VAT”)
Deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards are recorded only to the extent that it is Expenses and assets are recognized net of the amount of VAT, except:
probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient future taxable profit available against • When the VAT incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case,
which the deductions can be utilized. the VAT is recognized as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as applicable
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets • When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of VAT included. The net amount of VAT recoverable from,
against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the consolidated statement of
same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the financial position.
balances on a net basis.
Fair value measurement
The Group controls the reversal of temporary differences relating to taxes chargeable on dividends from subsidiaries and joint Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
ventures or on gains upon their disposal. The Group does not recognize deferred tax liabilities on such temporary differences market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to
except to the extent that management expects the temporary differences to reverse in the foreseeable future. sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
Employees’ end of service benefits • In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
The Group operates an un-funded post-employment benefit plan (employees’ end of service benefits) for its expatriate • In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
employees in the UAE, in accordance with the Group policy and UAE Labour Law. The entitlement to these benefits is based
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
upon the employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service period. Payment for
employees’ end of service benefits is made when an employee leaves, resigns or completes his service. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
The cost of providing benefits under the post-employment benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method.
Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, are recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of
financial position with a corresponding debit or credit to processing and marketing fees through other comprehensive income in
the period in which they occur. Re-measurements are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
in subsequent periods.

===== PAGE 66 =====
128 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 129
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
Fair value measurement (continued) Earnings per share
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing
by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
and best use. outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to
comprise convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any.
measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
Segment reporting
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
measurement as a whole: incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s other components, whose
operating results are reviewed regularly by the Group’s top Management (being the chief operating decision maker) to make
• Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
decisions about resources allocated to each segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is
• Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or
available. The CODM assesses the financial performance and position of the operating segments and makes strategic decisions
indirectly observable
based on a measure of revenue and costs. Refer to Note 28 for further details.
• Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
unobservable
3.1 material accounting judgments and estimates
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input While applying the accounting policies as stated in note 3, the management of the Group has made certain estimates and
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. assumptions that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
historical experience and other factors that are relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Contingencies
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized
Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements. They are disclosed unless the possibility of an
in the period of the revision in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote.
and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Contingent assets are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements but disclosed when an inflow of economic
Measurement of ECL
benefits is probable.
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and due from related parties and to record IFRS 9
Current versus non-current classification
provisions thereon.
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on current/non-current
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. At every reporting date, the historical
classification. An asset is current when it is:
observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.
• Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle
The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit
• Held primarily for the purpose of trading
loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future.
• Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period or
For due from related parties’ balances, probability of default (PD) is determined to be immaterial based on ADNOC’s rating by
• Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after Fitch as at 31 December 2024. Fitch Ratings has given ADNOC Group a standalone credit rating of AA+ and a long-term issuer
the reporting period. default rating of AA with a stable outlook, in line with the sovereign rating of Abu Dhabi. However, on a conservative basis, the
All other assets are classified as non-current. Group records provisions for expected credit losses on due from related parties in accordance with IFRS 9 requirements. The
Group utilizes provisioning of 33.3% and 100% against balances overdue above 365 days and 730 days respectively in
A liability is current when:
accordance with the Group accounting policies.
• It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle
Historical analysis of aging data:
• It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
Aging data from December 2019 to December 2024 has been used for this analysis. For the purpose of the historical analysis,
• It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period or
management has defined 180 days past due as default. Furthermore, and in accordance with IFRS 9, Management has chosen
• There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. to segment the customer base into third party and intercompany debtors.
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current. The probability of default (PD) for the various age buckets has been calculated by assessing the flow rate of debit balances into
subsequent age buckets, and ultimately into the default age bucket (according to the definition of default discussed above).
The loss given default (LGD) has been calculated by analyzing the recovery / collections of defaulted balances.

===== PAGE 67 =====
130 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 131
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
3 Material Accounting Policies (continued) 3 Material Accounting Policies (continued)
3.1 material accounting judgments and estimates (continued) 3.1 material accounting judgments and estimates (continued)
Measurement of ECL (continued) Determining the lease classification – Group as lessor
Forward-looking macroeconomic factors: The Group has entered into several lease arrangements in respect of land and vessels as a lessor. The Group has determined,
IFRS 9 requires a forward-looking macroeconomic adjustment applied to the historical loss rate. To incorporate this element, the based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term either constituting a major part
Group has identified the UAE’s GDP of 5.1% (2023: 3.9%) to be the most relevant factor and accordingly adjusts the historical of the economic life of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments either amounting to substantially
loss rate based on expected changes in this factor. all of the fair value of the leased asset, that either it retains substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of
leased asset and accounts for the contracts as operating leases or finance leases accordingly.
The provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables has been calculated using a simplified approach, requiring the
computation of lifetime expected credit losses. Refer to Note 17 for details. Deferred income tax asset recognition
The recognized deferred tax assets represent income taxes recoverable through future deductions from taxable profits and are
At the consolidated statement of financial position date, gross trade receivables were USD 169,384 thousand (2023: USD
recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred income tax assets are recorded to the extent that
109,249 thousand), and the provision for expected credit losses was USD 3,154 thousand (2023: USD 7,302 thousand). Any
realization of the related tax benefit is probable. This includes an assessment of the taxable temporary differences expected to difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected will be recognized in the
reverse in the future and the availability of sufficient future taxable profit against which the deductions can be utilized. The future
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
taxable profits and the amount of tax benefits that are probable in the future are based on the medium-term business plan
At the consolidated statement of financial position date, gross amount due from related parties were USD 867,549 thousand
prepared by management and extrapolated results thereafter. The business plan is based on management expectations that are
(2023: USD 747,335 thousand), and the provision for expected credit loss was USD 3,139 thousand (2023: USD 4,488 thousand).
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Any difference between the amounts actually collected in future periods and the amounts expected will be recognized in the
Deferred tax liability
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Deferred income tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method for tax loss carry forwards and temporary differences
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. In accordance
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets based
with the initial recognition exemption, deferred taxes are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of an asset
on the intended use of the assets and the expected economic lives of those assets. Subsequent changes in circumstances
or a liability in a transaction other than a business combination if the transaction, when initially recorded, affects neither
such as technological advances or prospective utilization of the assets concerned could result in the actual useful lives or
accounting nor taxable profit and at the time of the transaction, does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
residual values differing from the initial estimates.
differences.
This estimate is determined after considering the current usage of the asset compared to full utilization capabilities of the asset
Deferred tax liabilities are not recorded for temporary differences on initial recognition of goodwill, and subsequently for
and physical wear and tear, technical or commercial obsolescence and other limits on the use of the asset Management reviews
goodwill which is not deductible for tax purposes. Deferred taxes are recorded on temporary differences arising after initial
the residual value and useful lives annually and the future depreciation charge would be adjusted where management believes
recognition of goodwill, including those arising on initial introduction of the tax law in the UAE. Deferred tax balances are
that the useful lives differ from previous estimates.
measured at tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, which are expected to apply to the
Impairment of property, plant and equipment period when the temporary differences will reverse or the tax loss carry forwards will be utilized.
The Group determines whether property, plant and equipment are impaired when events or changes in circumstances indicate Income taxes
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an indicator of impairment exists, the Group determines the value in use of
Tax comprises an estimate of current and deferred income tax as well as adjustments to previous years taxes. Income tax is tax
the cash generating units, where an indicator has been identified. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an
on taxable profits, and consists of corporation tax, withholding tax of dividends, etc. In addition, tax comprises tonnage tax.
estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash generating units and also choose a suitable discount rate in order to
Tonnage tax is classified as tax when creditable in, or paid in lieu of, income tax. Tax is recognized in the income statement to the
calculate the present value of those cash flows. Management did not identify any impairment indicators in the current or prior
extent that it arises from items recognized in the income statement, including tax on gains on intra-group transactions that have
year for property, plant and equipment.
been eliminated in the consolidation.
Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options – Group as lessee
The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in
evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it
considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the
commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is
within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction of
significant leasehold improvements or significant customization to the leased asset). On this basis the management has
determined their best estimate of the lease term for each lease. The lease period determined will be reassessed at each
reporting period.

===== PAGE 68 =====
132 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 133
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
4 Revenues 6 General and Administrative Expenses
2024 2023 Disaggregation of revenue
USD’000 USD’000
The Group derives its revenue from contracts with customers for the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in
Staff costs (note 8) 71,817 80,724
time in the following major product lines. ADNOC HQ – centralized services 29,551 7,792
2024 2023 Consultancy fees 9,139 12,635
Segments USD’000 USD’000
Amortization of intangible assets (note 13) 5,207 6,574
Freight / voyage charter income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 838,284 719,617 Office rent 3,657 3,400
Base operation services Integrated Logistics 547,409 526,792 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (note 11) 4,151 3,540
Petroleum port operations Integrated Logistics & Services 233,826 200,306 Audit & other assurance fees* 1,784 2,030
Sales of bunkering fuel & water Integrated Logistics 243,433 241,362 Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 12) 110 110
Offshore vessels charter income Integrated Logistics & Services 495,527 380,752 Others* 16,106 29,631
Operating lease income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 366,790 318,561
141,522 146,436
Onshore services income Integrated Logistics & Services 130,313 109,256
Ship management income Shipping 53,122 57,084 * Audit & other assurance fees above include auditors’ remuneration as follows:
EPC contracts income Integrated Logistics 619,930 157,146 Audit of financial statements 794 723
Drilling chemicals Integrated Logistics 20,696 44,276
Other assurance services 248 928
3,549,330 2,755,152 Non-assurance services required to be performed by the auditor according to applicable laws and
regulations 400 379
Other non-assurance services 400 –
2024 2023
Timing of revenue Segments USD’000 USD’000 7 Other income
2024 2023
Goods transferred at a point in time Integrated Logistics 320,798 285,638
USD’000 USD’000
Operating lease income Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 366,790 318,561
Profit on initial recognition of sub-lease receivables – 4,211
Services rendered over time Shipping, Integrated Logistics & Services 2,861,742 2,150,953
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 1,677 1,955
3,549,330 2,755,152
Liquidated damages income 3,870 –
Others 14,349 4,699
19,896 10,865
5 Direct costs
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Bunker and other consumption 1,159,446 724,832 8 Staff costs
Staff costs (note 8) 536,067 472,114 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Freight and voyage charter costs 416,487 349,197
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (note 11) 262,056 213,018 Salaries & benefits (direct hire and sub-contracted) 600,662 547,024
Other operating costs 66,015 78,090 Employees’ end of service benefits (note 22) 7,222 5,814
Port charges 65,714 73,872 607,884 552,838
Repairs and maintenance 57,184 66,818
Analyzed as:
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (note 12) 38,952 19,540
Direct costs (note 5) 536,067 472,114
Depreciation on investment properties (note 14) 5,259 5,165
General and administrative expenses (note 6) 71,817 80,724
Amortization of intangibles (note 13) 1,604 579
607,884 552,838
2,608,784 2,003,225
The number of employees in the Group as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
Direct hire 2,112 2,129
Agency hire 240 266
2,352 2,395
Staff costs also include cost of crew on vessels. The headcount of the crew on vessels and outsourced manpower are not
included within the number of employees disclosed above.

===== PAGE 69 =====
134 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 135
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
9 Finance Income 11 Property, Plant and equipment (continued)
2024 2023 Furniture, USD’000 USD’000 Vessels Equipment fixtures Capital
and marine and and office work in
Interest income on sub-leases (finance leases) (note 12) 1,795 2,107 Buildings equipment Plant vehicles equipment progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Interest income from ADNOC HQ (AGTS) 5,414 2,931
Interest income from banks 8,385 4,747 2023
Cost:
15,594 9,785
At 1 January 2023 107,276 3,319,602 5,391 53,184 29,537 170,725 3,685,715
Additions – 243,345 – 4,975 397 626,173 874,890
Disposals – (9,503) – (1,123) (30) – (10,656)
10 Finance Costs Transfer to investment properties (note 14) – – – – – (677) (677)
2024 2023 Transfer to intangible assets (note 13) – – – – – (3,886) (3,886)
USD’000 USD’000
Transfer from capital work in progress 21,902 549,609 – 13,744 2,117 (587,372) –
Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 12) 9,831 7,893 Adjustments – 3,160 – – – – 3,160
Interest expense on pension cost 1,043 1,118
At 31 December 2023 129,178 4,106,213 5,391 70,780 32,021 204,963 4,548,546
Interest expense on end of service benefits (note 22) 1,633 1,473
Amortization of upfront fee on shareholder loans (note 24) 1,885 1,231
Commitment fee on shareholder loan facilities (note 24) 3,641 2,654
Others 1 729 Accumulated depreciation:
At 1 January 2023 75,256 409,475 5,302 32,044 12,254 – 534,331
18,034 15,098
Charge for the year 4,242 200,811 18 6,922 4,565 – 216,558
Disposals – (7,734) – (1,123) (29) – (8,886)
At 31 December 2023 79,498 602,552 5,320 37,843 16,790 – 742,003
11 Property, plant and equipment
Furniture, Net book value:
Vessels Equipment fixtures Capital
and marine and and office work in At 31 December 2023 49,680 3,503,661 71 32,937 15,231 204,963 3,806,543
Buildings equipment Plant vehicles equipment progress Total
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
As at 31 December 2024, capital work in progress includes both vessels and projects under construction. During construction,
2024 projects are recorded under capital work in progress and then transferred to the respective asset classes including investment
Cost: properties and intangible assets.
At 1 January 2024 129,178 4,106,213 5,391 70,780 32,021 204,963 4,548,546
Additions – 52,094 – 1,935 1,859 957,127 1,013,015 Capital work in progress additions include interest incurred during the construction of the vessels capitalized amounting to USD
Disposals (42) (10,997) (86) (3,333) (1,124) – (15,582) 10,491 thousand (31 December 2023: USD 2,419).
Transfer to investment properties (note 14) – – – – – (2,491) (2,491)
Depreciation has been allocated in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:
Transfer to intangible assets (note 13) – – – – – (6,450) (6,450)
Transfer from capital work in progress 2,825 526,920 – 27,884 2,525 (560,154) –
2024 2023
At 31 December 2024 131,961 4,674,230 5,305 97,266 35,281 592,995 5,537,038
USD’000 USD’000
Direct costs (note 5) 262,056 213,018
Accumulated depreciation: General and administrative expenses (note 6) 4,151 3,540
At 1 January 2024 79,498 602,552 5,320 37,843 16,790 – 742,003
266,207 216,558
Charge for the year 5,470 245,814 18 9,327 5,578 – 266,207
Disposals (35) (10,636) (86) (3,310) (440) – (14,507)
At 31 December 2024 84,933 837,730 5,252 43,860 21,928 – 993,703
Net book value:
At 31 December 2024 47,028 3,836,500 53 53,406 13,353 592,995 4,543,335

===== PAGE 70 =====
136 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 137
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
12 Right-of-Use Assets, Sub-Lease Receivables & Lease Liabilities 12 Right-of-Use Assets, Sub-Lease Receivables & Lease Liabilities (continued)
Set out below, are the carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, sub-lease receivables and lease liabilities and the B. In respect of sub-lease:
Land Vessels
movements during the period:
sub-lease sub-lease
USD’000 receivables receivables Total
A. In respect of head-lease:
As at 1 January 2024 12,022 36,565 48,587
Land right Vessels right Interest income (note 9) 801 994 1,795
USD’000 -of-use asset -of-use asset Total Payments received (1,443) (19,738) (21,181)
As at 1 January 2024 51,442 96,704 148,146 As at 31 December 2024 11,380 17,821 29,201
Additions – 52,607 52,607
Depreciation expense (2,995) (36,067) (39,062)
As at 1 January 2023 12,622 6,763 19,385
As at 31 December 2024 48,447 113,244 161,691 Additions – 41,016 41,016
Profit on initial recognition of sub-leases (note 7) – 4,211 4,211
Interest income (note 9) 843 1,264 2,107
As at 1 January 2023 54,429 12,779 67,208
Payments received (1,443) (16,689) (18,132)
Additions – 100,588 100,588
Depreciation expense (2,987) (16,663) (19,650) As at 31 December 2023 12,022 36,565 48,587
As at 31 December 2023 51,442 96,704 148,146
Land Vessels
sub-lease sub-lease
Land lease Vessels lease USD’000 liability liability Total
USD’000 liability liability Total
As at 1 January 2024 2,348 33,563 35,911
As at 1 January 2024 55,644 97,999 153,643 Interest expense (note 10) 151 922 1,073
Additions – 52,607 52,607 Payments (277) (17,680) (17,957)
Interest expense (note 10) 3,749 5,009 8,758
As at 31 December 2024 2,222 16,805 19,027
Payments (5,496) (39,238) (44,734)
As at 31 December 2024 53,897 116,377 170,274
As at 1 January 2023 2,465 6,390 8,855
Additions – 41,016 41,016
As at 1 January 2023 57,284 12,898 70,182 Interest expense (note 10) 160 1,159 1,319
Additions – 100,588 100,588 Payments (277) (15,002) (15,279)
Interest expense (note 10) 3,799 2,775 6,574
As at 31 December 2023 2,348 33,563 35,911
Payments (5,439) (18,262) (23,701)
As at 31 December 2023 55,644 97,999 153,643

===== PAGE 71 =====
138 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 139
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
12 Right-of-Use Assets, Sub-Lease Receivables & Lease Liabilities (continued) 12 Right-of-Use Assets, Sub-Lease Receivables & Lease Liabilities (continued)
B. In respect of sub-lease: B. In respect of sub-lease: (continued)
Sub-lease receivables are analyzed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows: Lease liabilities as of 31 December can be further analyzed as follows:
2024 2023 Non-
USD’000 USD’000 Non- Non- current
Current current current 5 years &
Current portion 16,359 19,386 31 December 2024 portion portion Total 1-5 years above
Non-current portion 12,842 29,201 ADNOC HQ 1,517 28,485 30,002 3,733 24,752
29,201 48,587 Total related party balances 1,517 28,485 30,002 3,733 24,752
Third parties 57,613 101,686 159,299 79,751 21,935
Total 59,130 130,171 189,301 83,484 46,687
Sub-lease receivables as of 31 December can be further analyzed as follows:
Non-
Non- Non- Non- current
Non- Non- current Current current current 5 years &
Current current current 5 years & 31 December 2023 portion portion Total 1-5 years above
31 December 2024 portion portion Total 1-5 years above
ADNOC HQ 1,351 30,002 31,353 6,561 23,441
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Ltd 14,299 2,153 16,452 2,153 – Total related party balances 1,351 30,002 31,353 6,561 23,441
ADNOC Offshore 1,369 – 1,369 – – Third parties 42,962 115,239 158,201 93,069 22,170
Total related party balances 15,668 2,153 17,821 2,153 –
Total 44,313 145,241 189,554 99,630 45,611
Third parties 691 10,689 11,380 3,304 7,385
Total 16,359 12,842 29,201 5,457 7,385
The table below indicates rental expenses resulting from lease and service contracts which are recognized in the consolidated
Non- statement of comprehensive income:
Non- Non- current
Current current current 5 years &
31 December 2023 portion portion Total 1-5 years above
2024 2023
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Ltd 16,661 16,452 33,113 16,452 – USD’000 USD’000
ADNOC Offshore 2,083 1,369 3,452 1,369 – Short term rents (included in note 5 & 6) 6,964 5,678
Total related party balances 18,744 17,821 36,565 17,821 –
Third parties 642 11,380 12,022 3,721 7,659
Total 19,386 29,201 48,587 21,542 7,659 The movement in provision for dismantling liability on leased land is as follows:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Lease liabilities as of 31 December are analyzed in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows: As at 1 January 1,873 1,727
Accretion during the year 136 146
As at 31 December 2,009 1,873
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Relating to head-lease (in respect of right-of-use assets) 170,274 153,643
Relating to sub-lease receivables (in respect of liabilities for sub-leased assets) 19,027 35,911
189,301 189,554
Current portion 59,130 44,313
Non-current portion 130,171 145,241
189,301 189,554

===== PAGE 72 =====
140 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 141
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
13 Intangible assets 14 Investment Properties (continued)
2024 2023 Investment properties comprise of buildings owned by the Group which are rented to tenants under operating lease
USD’000 USD’000
arrangements. The fair valuation of the completed properties was carried out as at 31 December 2024 by management using
Cost:
the discounted cash flow method of valuation, using assumptions such as annual growth rate and discount rate. The fair value
At 1 January 31,756 27,883
was assessed at USD 110 million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: USD 116 million).
Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 11) 6,450 3,886
Disposals (4) (13) In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the property is considered as their current use. The
At 31 December 38,202 31,756 inputs used in the valuation are not based on observable market data and thus the valuation techniques were considered to be
Level 3 valuation.
Accumulated amortization:
At 1 January 20,316 13,168 On 1 January 2022, the Group acquired two warehouses from Abu Dhabi Ports for USD 84 million. The land on which the
Charge for the year 6,811 7,153 warehouses are built is leased by Abu Dhabi Ports to the Group for a period of 25 years with effect from 1 January 2022.
Disposals (3) (5)
The investment properties earn revenue and incur costs as below:
At 31 December 27,124 20,316
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Net book value:
Rental income included under operating lease income 12,173 9,908
At 31 December 11,078 11,440
Direct costs excluding depreciation 1,182 1,223
Intangible assets comprise the cost of acquired enterprise computer systems, software and licenses.
15 Investment in a Joint Venture
14 Investment Properties
2024 2023
Details of the Group’s investment in a joint venture at 31 December are as follows:
USD’000 USD’000
Cost:
At 1 January 156,025 155,348 Percentage holding
Country of
Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 11) 2,491 677 Name of joint venture 2024 2023 incorporation Principal activity
At 31 December 158,516 156,025
AW Shipping Limited 50% 50% UAE Shipping services
Accumulated depreciation: The movement in the carrying value of investment in a joint venture is summarized below:
At 1 January 60,756 55,591
Charge for the year 5,259 5,165
2024 2023
At 31 December 66,015 60,756
USD’000 USD’000
As at 1 January 76,712 62,641
Net book value:
Investment during the year 176,865 –
At 31 December 92,501 95,269 Share of profit for the year 14,198 14,071
As at 31 December 267,775 76,712

===== PAGE 73 =====
142 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 143
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
15 Investment in a joint venture (continued) 17 Trade and other receivables
2024 2023 The assets, liabilities and results of the joint venture are summarized below:
Current USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 Trade receivables 169,384 109,249
Provision for expected credit losses (3,154) (7,302)
Statement of financial position:
Trade receivables, net 166,230 101,947
Total assets 772,750 415,420
Prepaid expenses and other receivables 51,125 92,967
Total liabilities (237,200) (261,996)
Accrued revenue 131,455 85,401
Net assets 535,550 153,424
Receivable from employees 16,053 14,385
Statement of comprehensive income:
Advances to suppliers 55,616 93,620
Revenue 77,832 79,283
Expenses (49,436) (51,141) 420,479 388,320
Total comprehensive income 28,396 28,142
Movement in the provision for expected credit losses is as follows:
Included in expenses above is depreciation of USD 15,633 thousand (2023: USD 15,384 thousand) and finance cost of USD At 1 January 7,302 8,918
15,571 thousand (2023: USD 16,927 thousand). There was no interest income earned by the joint venture in 2024 or 2023. Write off (36) –
(Reversal) of provision during the year (4,112) (1,616)
Included in total liabilities above are loans from banks amounting to USD 227,118 thousand (2023: USD 255,833 thousand). USD
At 31 December 3,154 7,302
198,353 thousand (2023: USD 227,118) was classified as non-current liability and USD 28,765 thousand (2023: USD 28,765
thousand) was classified as current liability.
Below is the information about credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables:
16 Inventories Past due
2024 2023 Not past < 30 30 - 60 61 - 90 91 - 120 > 120
USD’000 USD’000 Total due days days days days days
USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000 USD’ 000
Bunkers 38,052 41,591
Provision matrix 2024 0% 1% 1% 1% 1% 12%
Lubes 6,288 6,545
Raw materials & finished goods 10,016 10,265 Provision matrix 2023 1% 12% 3% 6% 1% 21%
Spare parts, fuel and consumables 88,935 72,231
Firefighting foam and dispersant stock 405 405
Gross trade receivable
143,696 131,037
Less: provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories (11,009) (10,317) 31 December 2024 169,384 67,844 36,584 23,950 16,531 6,692 17,783
132,687 120,720 31 December 2023 109,249 29,823 6,754 27,697 10,368 12,070 22,537
Provision for expected credit losses
Movement in the provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventories is as follows: 31 December 2024 3,154 324 237 198 182 92 2,121
2024 2023 31 December 2023 7,302 287 810 704 640 133 4,728
USD’000 USD’000
At 1 January 10,317 9,965
Net trade receivable
Charge during the year 692 758
Write offs – (406) 31 December 2024 166,230 67,520 36,347 23,752 16,349 6,600 15,662
At 31 December 11,009 10,317 31 December 2023 101,947 29,536 5,944 26,993 9,728 11,937 17,809
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivables mentioned above. It
is not the practice of the Group to obtain a collateral over receivables balances.
Non-current
Trade and other receivables (non-current) include advances paid to shipyards and other suppliers towards capital expenditures.
Balances are as follows:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Advances to shipyards 229,882 38,884

===== PAGE 74 =====
144 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 145
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
18 Cash and Cash Equivalents 22 Employees’ end of Service Benefits
2024 2023 Movements in the employees’ end of service benefits provision are as follows:
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
Cash in hand 1,875 1,478 USD’000 USD’000
Cash at banks 197,044 214,231
At 1 January 32,631 31,464
198,919 215,709 Current service cost (note 8) 7,222 5,814
Benefits paid (2,996) (4,311)
The Group held cash and cash equivalent with financial institutions that are rated at least AA- to A based on rating agency Benefits of employees transferred – out to group companies – (1,197)
ratings. Accordingly, the ECL provision amount calculated by applying the general approach is considered to be immaterial. Cash Interest cost (note 10) 1,633 1,473
at banks include call deposit accounts that earn interest of 4% (2023: 0.07%). Re-measurement losses:
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from experience (54) 534
Actuarial losses / (gains) arising from changes in financial assumptions 1,079 (1,146)
19 Share capital
At 31 December 39,515 32,631
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Generally, upon fulfillment of certain employment conditions, the retirement benefits are payable in lump sum upon retirement,
Authorized, issued and fully paid
which is determined based on the employee’s salary for each year of service.
7,398,498,764 ordinary shares of USD 0.54 each 3,995,189 3,995,189
The present value of the defined benefit obligation, the related current service cost and past service cost were measured using
the projected unit credit method.
On 9 October 2023, the Board of Directors approved the distribution of cash dividend of USD 64,999 thousand for the second
quarter of the financial year ended 31 December 2023, equivalent to 3.2 fils per share. The dividend was paid to shareholders in The principal assumptions used for the purpose of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
the last quarter of the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
In the Annual General Assembly Meeting of the Shareholders on 29 April 2024, a final cash dividend of USD 130,000 thousand 2024 2023
for the second half of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 was approved by the shareholders. The dividend was paid to
Discount rate 5.00% 5.50%
shareholders in the second quarter of the financial year ended 31 December 2024. Expected rate of salary increase 3.00% 3.00%
Average turnover 7.5% 7.5% On 7 October 2024, the Board of Directors approved the distribution of cash dividend of USD 136,500 thousand for the first half
of 2024, equivalent to 6.78 fils per share. The dividend was paid to shareholders in last quarter of the financial year ended Retirement age 60 years 60 years
31 December 2024.
Mortality rate table used is the SOA RP-2014 Total Dataset Mortality with Scale MP-2014.
In total, a cash dividend of USD 266,500 thousand was distributed to shareholders in 2024.
Amounts recognized in the statement of comprehensive income in respect of these benefits are as follows:
20 General Reserve
2024 2023
In 2022, in accordance with the decision of management of the Group, 10% of the profit was transferred to a general reserve. No USD’000 USD’000
such transfer was made in 2023 or 2024. USD 103,226 thousand was equitized as part of capital reorganization in April 2023 Service cost:
before the Groups’ listing on Abu Dhabi Exchange (ADX). Refer to Note 31. Current service cost (note 8) 7,222 5,814
Net interest expense (note 10) 1,633 1,473
Components of provision for employees’ end of service benefit recognized in comprehensive income 8,855 7,287
21 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
Earnings per share (EPS) amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company by the Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income are as follows:
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 Actuarial (losses) / gain arising from the experience adjustments (1,025) 612
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company 756,170 620,159
Weighted average number of shares (’000) 7,398,499 7,398,499
USD USD
Earnings per share 0.10 0.08
There are no dilutive securities, therefore diluted EPS is the same as basic EPS.

===== PAGE 75 =====
146 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 147
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
22 Employees’ end of service benefits (continued) 24 Related party balances and transactions
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the provision for employees’ end of service benefit are discount These represent transactions with related parties i.e., the shareholder, directors and entities related to them, companies under
rate, expected salary increase and mortality. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably common ownership and/or common management and control, their partners and key management personnel. Pricing policies
possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group’s management.
assumptions constant.
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
The sales to and services from related parties are made at agreed rates with the related parties. Outstanding balances at the
Increase / decrease in Increase / (decrease) in provision for employees’
2024 percentage point end of service benefit USD’000 year-end are unsecured, interest free and settlement occurs in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for
any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has provision for expected credit
Discount rate 1% (2,094)
losses of USD 3,139 thousand (2023: USD 4,448 thousand) on amounts due from related parties. The Group’s significant
–1% 2,365
balances are with entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the ADNOC. Expected salary growth 1% 2,467
–1% (2,214) Transactions with related parties included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:
2023
Discount rate 1% (1,890) 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
–1% 2,130
Expected salary growth 1% 2,233 Goods sold and services provided to entities under common control
ADNOC Offshore 1,130,642 1,038,479
–1% (2,007)
ADNOC (Holding Company) 827,189 418,191
Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge ADP) 170,323 157,370
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the provision for employees’ end of
ADNOC Global Trading (AGT) 124,849 135,024
service benefit as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Limited 90,340 102,967
assumptions may be correlated.
ADNOC Onshore 37,856 41,383
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the provision for employees’ end of service ADNOC Gas 25,556 19,859
benefit has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as Al Yasat JV 18,957 10,013
ADNOC Drilling 14,964 12,480 that applied in calculating the provision for employees’ end of service benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of
ADNOC Distribution 10,144 11,706
financial position.
ADNOC Trading (AT) 2,837 3,417
The Group does not expect to make any contribution to defined benefit plans during the next financial year. ADNOC Refining 2,477 1,144
AW Shipping Limited 1,098 220
2,457,232 1,952,253
23 Trade and other payables
2024 2023
Good and services received from entities under common control
USD’000 USD’000
ADNOC Distribution 286,481 255,484
Trade accounts payable 88,874 99,878
ADNOC (Holding Company) 52,689 20,286
Accrued expenses 540,525 461,581
ADNOC Offshore 2,000 674
Other payables 69,427 41,446
ADNOC Onshore 22 131
Capital expenses accruals 241,262 95,965
ADNOC Refining 8 772
Operating lease rent received in advance 16,219 10,057
ADNOC Gas – 7,891
956,307 708,927
Al Yasat JV – 90
ADNOC Sour Gas – 52
Trade accounts payable are interest free and are normally settled within 30 days from the date of receipt of the invoice.
341,200 285,380
Interest transactions
Interest received on cash pooling balances (note 9) 5,414 2,931
Amortization of upfront fee on shareholder loans (note 10) 1,885 1,231
Commitment fee on shareholder loan facilities (note 10) 3,641 2,654

===== PAGE 76 =====
148 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 149
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
24 Related party balances and transactions (continued) 24 Related party balances and transactions (continued)
Balances with related parties included in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows: Below is the aging of receivables from related parties:
Past due
Not past < 30 30 - 60 61 - 90 91 - 120 121-365 366-730 >730
2024 2023
Total due days days days days days days days
USD’000 USD’000
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000
Due from related parties:
Gross receivables from related parties
ADNOC Offshore 400,749 285,229
31 December 2024 867,549 528,184 201,085 97,988 31,413 – 3,366 3,561 1,952
ADNOC (Holding Company) 198,236 188,703
31 December 2023 747,335 616,039 47,771 45,065 6,673 1,756 20,709 9,322 –
ADNOC (Holding Company) cash pooling balance* 144,289 173,402
Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge ADP) 74,413 40,917
ADNOC Gas 19,508 11,488 Provision for expected credit losses
ADNOC Global Trading (AGT) 10,895 7,033 31 December 2024 3,139 – – – – – – 1,187 1,952
Al Yasat 6,342 8,472 31 December 2023 4,488 – – – – – – 4,488 –
ADNOC Drilling 4,767 6,706
ADNOC Onshore 4,709 7,287
ADNOC Distribution 1,535 5,331 Net receivable from related parties
ADNOC Trading (AT) 1,189 1 31 December 2024 864,410 528,184 201,085 97,988 31,413 – 3,366 2,374 –
ADNOC Refining 799 1,454 31 December 2023 742,847 616,039 47,771 45,065 6,673 1,756 20,709 4,834 –
AW Shipping Limited 64 –
Borouge Pte 54 54
National Gas Shipping Company Holding Limited – 11,258 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
867,549 747,335
Less: provision for expected credit losses (3,139) (4,488) Due to related parties:
ADNOC (Holding Company)* 178,216 194,581
864,410 742,847
ADNOC Distribution 74,252 62,336
AGT 7,798 4,393
* This balance is held with ADNOC (Holding Company) and earns interest based on rates agreed between the parties.
National Gas Shipping Company 4,053 –
The movement in provision for expected credit losses on related parties’ receivables is as follows: ADNOC Drilling 3,000 –
ADNOC Offshore 2,674 674
ADNOC Refining 1,107 772
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 ADNOC Onshore 131 131
Yasat 90 90
Balance at 1 January 4,488 200
ADNOC Sour Gas (Al Hosn Gas) 52 52
Charge for the year 1,463 4,288
ADNOC Gas – 7,891
Write off (2,812) –
AW Shipping – 110
Balance at 31 December 3,139 4,488
271,373 271,030
The provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from related parties is prepared in accordance with the requirements
*Included in the amounts payable to ADNOC (Holding Company) is an amount of USD 7,492 thousand (31 December 2023:
of IFRS 9. The Group also utilizes provisioning of 33.3% and 100% against balances overdue above 365 days and 730 days
USD 829 thousand) in respect of interest payable on the USD 550,000 thousand (31 December 2023: 100,000 thousand)
respectively in accordance with the Group accounting policies.
shareholder loan.
These balances are classified and presented in the statement of financial position as below:
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000
Current portion 271,373 253,121
Non-current portion – 17,909
271,373 271,030
Due to related parties (non-current)
In 2021 the Group’s ultimate Holding Company recharged USD 90,916 thousand towards UAE national employees’ pension
charges. These charges relate to the differential amount paid by the Holding Company to Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and
Benefits Fund for services of employees taken over by the Group on its formation and till the period ending 31 December 2019.
USD 18,952 thousand of this liability is payable in 2025 and accordingly as at 31 December 2024 USD nil (USD 17,909 thousand
as at 31 December 2023) is disclosed as a non-current liability.

===== PAGE 77 =====
150 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 151
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
24 Related party balances and transactions (continued) 25 Bank Guarantees, Contingencies and Commitments
Related parties sub-lease receivables and lease liabilities are disclosed in note 12. a) Bank guarantees:
Shareholder contribution from ADNOC (Holding Company) (forming part of shareholder’s equity in 2022): At 31 December 2024, the Group had bank guarantees issued by the bank and other matters arising in the ordinary
course of business from which it is anticipated that no material liabilities will arise, amounting to USD 11,964 thousand
In 2022, the Group’s contribution from a shareholder of USD 357,485 thousand was interest free and repayable at the absolute
(2023: USD 6,373 thousand).
discretion of the board of directors of the Group. Accordingly, the amount was classified under equity as shareholder
contribution. In 2023, before the listing of the Group on Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange (ADX), this loan was converted to share b) Capital commitments:
capital. Refer to Note 31 for further details on capital reorganization. At 31 December 2024, the Group’s capital commitments amount to USD 3,303,308 thousand (2023: USD 1,113,308 thousand).
Shareholder loan from ADNOC (Holding Company) (forming part of non-current liabilities in 2022): c) Purchases commitments:
In 2022, the Group had a loan facility arrangement with ADNOC (Holding Company) totaling USD 2,300,000 thousand. As at At 31 December 2024, the Group’s purchases commitments amount to USD 55,077 thousand (2023: USD 39,353 thousand).
31 December 2022, the Group had drawn USD 1,900,000 thousand from the facility.
d) Contingencies:
In 2023, before the listing of the Group on Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange (ADX), this loan was converted to share capital. Refer to
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of
Note 31 for further details on capital reorganization.
these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that these matters will have a material adverse
Shareholder loan from ADNOC (Holding Company) (forming part of non-current liabilities in 2023 and 2024): effect on the Group’s financial statements if concluded unfavorably.
In 2023, the Group entered into an unsecured senior corporate term facility agreement and a revolving credit facility (RCF) with
its parent of USD 1,500,000 thousand and USD 350,000 thousand respectively. USD 300 thousand was paid as upfront fee for
26 Financial Risk Management and Objectives
the unsecured senior corporate term facility and USD 700 thousand was paid as upfront fee for the revolving credit facility (RCF).
Both the senior corporate term facility and the revolving credit facility (RCF) incur a commitment fee of 0.2125% on the undrawn The activities of the Group expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price risk and cash
amounts. During the year, USD 3,641 thousand was charged as commitment fee on these facilities (2023: USD 2,654 thousand). flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The overall risk management program of the Group seeks to
minimize potential adverse effects of these risks on their financial performance.
As at 31 December 2024, USD 550,000 thousand (2023: USD 100,000 thousand) was drawn from the unsecured senior
corporate term facility. During the year, interest incurred on this loan amounting to USD 10,491 thousand (2023: USD 2,419 This note presents information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, policies and
thousand) was capitalized as part of capital work in progress. processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are
included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
The Group’s significant bank balances with Abu Dhabi Government and other entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
influenced by the Abu Dhabi Government are as follows: The Board of Directors have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management
framework. The Board of Directors are responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies.
2024 2023 The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate
USD’000 USD’000 risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed
Bank balances 117,355 160,047 regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and management
standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees
understand their roles and obligations.
2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 The Group’s Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and
procedures and review the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group.
Board of Directors fees 9,421 –
Key management compensation 1,746 1,336 The Group’s principal financial liabilities consist of trade and other payables, amounts due to related parties, shareholder loan
and lease liabilities. The main purpose of the financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has
various financial assets such as trade and other receivables, bank balances and amounts due from related parties, which arise
directly from its operations.

===== PAGE 78 =====
152 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 153
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
26 Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued) 26 Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued)
Market risk management Liquidity risk management
Foreign exchange risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities
The Group has no significant currency risk exposure from its operations as the Group’s majority of transactions are in UAE that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as
Dirham or US Dollars. The UAE Dirham is pegged to the US Dollar, hence balances in US Dollars are not considered to represent possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions,
a significant risk. without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
Price risk The Group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses for a short-term period,
including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot
The Group has no significant direct exposure to commodity price risk. Reductions in oil prices may lead to reduction in the level
reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.
of future logistics services procured by customers who have significant exposure to oil and gas prices.
The Group limits its liquidity risk by ensuring adequate cash available from its operations and from support of the shareholders.
Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities. The maturity profile is monitored by
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit to reasonably possible changes in interest rates, with all
management to ensure adequate liquidity is maintained.
other variables held constant. On Less than 3 to 12 1 to 5
demand 3 months months years > 5 years Total 2024 2023
USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000 USD ‘000
USD’000 USD’000
31 December 2024
Effect of increase of 100 basis points on Group’s profit 3,662 (386)
Trade payables – 88,874 – – – 88,874
Effect of decrease of 100 basis points on Group’s profit (3,662) 386
Due to related parties – 161,913 18,952 – – 180,865
Income tax payable – – 65,391 – – 65,391
Credit risk management
Lease liabilities – 20,439 48,349 101,127 65,349 235,264
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group Shareholder loan – – – 550,000 – 550,000
and arises principally from the Group’s trade and other receivables, related party and bank balances. The Group has adopted a Other payables, accrued and capital expenses – 609,952 241,262 – – 851,214
policy of dealing only with creditworthy counterparties. The Group attempts to control credit risk by monitoring credit Total – 881,178 373,954 651,127 65,349 1,971,608
exposures, limiting transactions with specific non-related counterparties, and continually assessing the creditworthiness of
such non-related counter-parties.
31 December 2023
The average credit period on sale of goods or services is 30-60 days. No interest is charged on trade and other receivables. The Trade payables – 99,878 – – – 99,878
bank balances are maintained with commercial banks. The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are Due to related parties – 234,169 18,952 18,952 – 272,073
Lease liabilities – 13,242 39,725 117,265 81,416 251,648
reputable banks closely monitored by the regulatory bodies.
Shareholder loan – – – 100,000 – 100,000
The amount that best represents maximum credit risk exposure on financial assets at the end of the reporting period, in the Other payables, accrued and capital expenses – 598,992 – – – 598,992
event counter parties fail to perform their obligations, generally approximates their carrying value. Advances to suppliers, other
Total – 946,281 58,677 236,217 81,416 1,322,591
receivables and balances with banks are not secured by any collateral.
Other financial assets do not have a material expected credit loss, and the loss allowance considered during the year was
limited to 12 months expected losses. As such, no loss allowance was made for such financial assets as at 31 December 2024
and 2023.

===== PAGE 79 =====
154 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 155
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
26 Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued) 28 Operating Segments
Capital risk management Information regarding the Group’s operating segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8, ‘Operating Segments’. IFRS 8
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business. requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly
reviewed by the Board of Directors, as the chief operating decision maker (CODM), in order to allocate resources to the segment
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going
and to assess its performance.
concern. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the
shareholder, return capital to the shareholder, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts. No changes were made in the The Group’s strategic steering committee, consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Senior
objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. Equity comprises share Vice President of Strategy, examines the group’s performance from both a product and a service perspective but financial
capital, general reserve, retained earnings and shareholder contribution, and is measured at USD 4,894,627 thousand as at decisions are made by the Board. The operating segments are identified based on the nature of different services provided and
31 December 2024 (2023: USD 4,405,982 thousand). are managed separately because they have different economic characteristics – such as trends in sales growth, rates of return
and level of capital investment – and have different marketing strategies.
The Group monitors capital on the basis of its gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity plus net
debt. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the statement of The CODM primarily uses EBITDA to monitor the performance of the business. For management purposes, the Group is
financial position) less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as total equity as shown in the statement of financial organized into eight operating segments and seven reportable segments. These are referred to as “business units” as follows:
position plus net debt. Integrated Logistics:
The gearing ratio, determined as net debt to net debt plus equity, at the year-end was as follows: Integrated Logistics comprises three operating segments: (i) offshore contracting; (ii) offshore services; and (iii) offshore
2024 2023 projects, which includes engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) and other projects. During the year, onshore services
USD’000 USD’000
has been transferred from Integrated Logistics to the ‘Services’ segment.
Debt (note 24) 550,000 100,000
Shipping:
Cash and cash equivalents (note 18) (198,919) (215,709)
Shipping comprises the following reportable segments: (i) tankers; (ii) gas carriers (including ship management
Net debt 351,081 (115,709)
services); and (iii) Dry-Bulk shipping (including containers).
Services:
2024 2023
Services reportable segment comprises marine, onshore and other services. As mentioned above, onshore services were
USD’000 USD’000
previously reported under ‘Integrated Logistics’ segment but are now reported under the ‘Services’ segment.
Net debt 351,081 (115,709)
Equity 4,894,627 4,405,982 Others:
Net debt plus equity 5,245,708 4,290,273
One-off items and classed under Others by management to facilitate better understanding of the business and to ensure proper
Gearing ratio 7% 0% decision making. Finance income, finance costs, provision for expected credit losses, other income and other expenses which
are largely non-operational costs are recorded under this segment to facilitate better decision making.
27 Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Financial instruments comprise of financial assets and financial liabilities. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group
considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognized in the consolidated financial
statements approximate their fair values.

===== PAGE 80 =====
156 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 157
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
28 Operating Segments (continued) 28 Operating Segments (continued)
The following schedules illustrate the Group’s activities according to the operating segments / sub-segments for the year ended The following schedules illustrate the Group’s activities according to the operating segments / sub-segments for the year ended
31 December 2024 in USD’000s: 31 December 2023 in USD’000s:
Integrated Logistics Shipping Integrated Logistics Shipping
Dry-Bulk Dry-Bulk
Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas and Offshore Offshore Offshore Gas and
2024 Contracting Services Projects Tankers Carriers Containers Services Others Total 2023 Contracting Services Projects Tankers Carriers Containers Services Others Total
Revenues 1,108,200 552,790 619,930 516,530 152,650 286,820 312,410 – 3,549,330 Revenues 974,525 500,751 157,146 407,370 173,550 257,900 283,910 – 2,755,152
Direct costs (691,714) (451,840) (571,640) (310,630) (106,940) (219,830) (256,190) – (2,608,784) Direct costs (599,472) (430,122) (147,641) (279,170) (112,330) (201,280) (233,210) – (2,003,225)
Gross profit 416,486 100,950 48,290 205,900 45,710 66,990 56,220 – 940,546 Gross profit 375,053 70,629 9,505 128,200 61,220 56,620 50,700 – 751,927
General and General and
administrative administrative
expenses (46,722) (17,110) (2,690) (18,070) (10,540) (11,310) (30,170) (4,910) (141,522) expenses (48,701) (20,770) (1,005) (10,660) (6,190) (7,700) (31,060) (20,350) (146,436)
Reversal of provision for Provision for expected
expected credit losses – – – – – – – 2,649 2,649 credit losses – – – – – – – (2,672) (2,672)
Other income – – – – – – 3,800 16,096 19,896 Other income – – – – 4,211 – – 6,654 10,865
Other expenses – – – – – – – (4,310) (4,310)
Operating profit 326,352 49,859 8,500 117,540 59,241 48,920 19,640 (16,368) 613,684
Operating profit 369,764 83,840 45,600 187,830 35,170 55,680 29,850 9,525 817,259
Share of profit from joint
Share of profit from venture – – – – 14,071 – – – 14,071
joint venture – – – – 14,198 – – – 14,198 Finance income 1,021 – – – 1,086 – – 7,678 9,785
Finance income 889 – – – 907 – – 13,798 15,594 Finance costs (4,125) (1,768) – – (990) – (1,740) (6,475) (15,098)
Finance costs (7,122) – – – (839) (156) (1,715) (8,202) (18,034)
Profit before tax
Profit before tax for the for the year* 323,248 48,091 8,500 117,540 73,408 48,920 17,900 (15,165) 622,442
year* 363,531 83,840 45,600 187,830 49,436 55,524 28,135 15,121 829,017
Deferred tax credit* – – – – – – – 1,123 1,123
Deferred tax credit* 868 – – – – – – – 868 Deferred tax expense* – – – – – – – –
Deferred tax expense* – – – – – – – (1,123) (1,123) Income tax expense* (2,577) (829) – – – – – – (3,406)
Income tax expense* (30,389) (11,228) (4,104) (15,833) (2,536) (4,609) (2,532) (1,361) (72,592)
Profit for the year* 320,671 47,262 8,500 117,540 73,408 48,920 17,900 (14,042) 620,159
Profit for the year* 334,010 72,612 41,496 171,997 46,900 50,915 25,603 12,637 756,170
Depreciation and
Depreciation and amortization in
amortization in direct costs 96,185 41,486 1,939 39,480 26,310 10,330 22,572 – 238,302
direct costs 125,781 49,690 7,450 50,640 37,220 12,990 24,100 – 307,871 Depreciation and
Depreciation and amortization in general
amortization in general and administrative
and administrative expenses 1,882 1,396 – 2,240 1,400 1,030 2,276 – 10,224
expenses 2,158 1,350 1,190 1,230 720 770 2,050 – 9,468 Deferred tax credit – – – – – – – (1,123) (1,123)
Deferred tax credit (868) – – – – – – – (868) Income tax expense 2,577 829 – – – – – – 3,406
Deferred tax expense – – – – – – – 1,123 1,123 Finance income (1,021) – – – (1,086) – – (7,678) (9,785)
Income tax expense 30,389 11,228 4,104 15,833 2,536 4,609 2,532 1,361 72,592 Finance costs 4,125 1,768 – – 990 – 1,740 6,475 15,098
Finance income (889) – – – (907) – – (13,798) (15,594)
EBITDA 424,419 92,741 10,439 159,260 101,022 60,280 44,488 (16,368) 876,281
Finance costs 7,122 – – – 839 156 1,715 8,202 18,034
EBITDA 497,703 134,880 54,240 239,700 87,308 69,440 56,000 9,525 1,148,796

===== PAGE 81 =====
158 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 159
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
28 Operating Segments (continued) 29 Goodwill
The Group’s largest customers are related entities within the ADNOC Group (refer to note 15). The Group’s vessels are deployed For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Group’s Cash Generating Units (“CGUs”) where the goodwill
throughout the world and are not concentrated in certain geographical areas. The Group’s management does not consider the is monitored for internal management purposes. The aggregate carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each unit is as set
geographical distribution of the group’s operations to be relevant for their internal management analysis and therefore no out below:
geographical segment information has been disclosed.
All operating segment/sub-segment results are reviewed regularly by the Group’s management to make decisions about Goodwill on acquisition of ZMI business 51,368 51,368
resources to be allocated to the segment/sub-segment and to assess their performance.
The goodwill is attributable to synergies expected to be achieved from the business combination and an increase in market
The following tables represent segment assets for the Group’s operating segments as reviewed by the management in
share. For impairment testing, the goodwill is allocated to the Cash Generating Unit (“CGU”) where the goodwill is monitored for
USD’000s:
internal management purposes. The recoverable amount of the CGU was based on its value in use determined by management.
Integrated Logistics Shipping
The carrying amount of this unit was determined to be lower than its recoverable amount.
Offshore Offshore Offshore Dry-Bulk and
31 December 2024 Contracting Services Projects** Tankers Gas Carriers Containers Services Total
Value in use was determined based on the five-year business plan approved by the management. The projected future cash
Property, plant & equipment * 1,930,750 255,204 – 1,099,519 886,158 152,500 219,204 4,543,335 flows from the continuing use of the unit are based on past experience and current rates of contractual arrangements for the
Investment properties * 92,501 – – – – – – 92,501 initial five-year period. Beyond this period, the projected future cash flows were determined by reference to historical experience
and based on market rates available for similar vessels. Both the cash inflows and outflows projected utilized a growth rate
equivalent to the estimated inflation rate of 2%. These resulting cash flows were then discounted based on the Group’s
Integrated Logistics Shipping
approved discount rate.
Offshore Offshore Offshore Dry-Bulk and
31 December 2023 Contracting Services Projects** Tankers Gas Carriers Containers Services Total Key assumptions used for the CGU impairment testing are as below:
Property, plant & equipment * 1,509,421 319,824 – 1,178,641 406,957 161,958 229,742 3,806,543
Investment properties * 95,269 – – – – – – 95,269 2024 2023
* These relate to additional voluntary disclosures not presented to CODM, but which are allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to provide additional Discount rate (%) 9% 9%
information.
Anticipated annual revenue growth is based on latest available forecasts. The values assigned to the key assumptions represent **The offshore projects sub-segment does not have dedicated property, plant & equipment. Instead, it utilizes the property, plant & equipment from other
sub-segments. the management’s assessment of future trends in the industry and are based on both external and internal sources.
Sensitivity analysis
The Group has conducted an analysis of the impairment test to changes in key assumptions used to determine the recoverable
amount of the CGU to which goodwill is allocated. Management anticipates that no reasonably possible change in any of the key
assumptions above would cause the carrying value of the CGU including goodwill to materially exceed its recoverable amount.

===== PAGE 82 =====
160 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 161
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
30 Income Tax 30 Income Tax (continued)
2024 2023 Change in deferred tax during the year
USD’000 USD’000
2024 2023
Tax recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income USD’000 USD’000
Current tax on profits for the year 72,071 3,406
Deferred tax asset
Total current tax 72,071 3,406
1 January 1,123 –
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (868) (1,123) Recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (1,123) 1,123
Adjustment for deferred tax of prior periods 1,123 – 31 December – 1,123
Total deferred tax 255 (1,123) Deferred tax liability
Total income tax 72,326 2,283 1 January 35,671 –
Tonnage tax 521 – Property, plant and equipment – 35,671
Total tax expense 72,847 2,283 Recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (868) –
Tax reconciliation 31 December 34,803 35,671
Profit before tax 829,017 622,442
There are no substantial unrecognized tax liabilities from business operations or on investments in subsidiaries, associated
Profit subject to tonnage taxation (36,973) –
companies and joint ventures.
Share of profit from joint venture (14,198) (14,071)
Profit before tax, adjusted 777,846 608,371 ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC generates profits from the provision of freight and charter services for the transportation of
petroleum products, crude oil, Dry-Bulk and containers on ocean going vessels owned or hired from third parties, the operation
Tax using the UAE corporation tax and regional tax rates (9%) 70,006 54,753
and maintenance of oil terminals, EPC services related to dredging, land reclamation and marine construction, material handling,
Tax rate deviations in non-UAE jurisdictions 2,320 (52,470)
manpower and equipment supply, rental of stores, warehouses, office space and provision and the supply of chemicals and
Total income tax 72,326 2,283
other on-shore oil and gas field services.
Effective tax rate 8.79% 0.37%
On 16 January 2023, the UAE government published a Cabinet Decision setting the threshold at which the new Corporate
Income tax payable 65,391 –
Income Tax will apply. This event made the Corporate Income Tax substantively enacted and enacted within the meaning of IAS
Current tax expense is classified and presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as below:
12. Current Taxes as defined in IAS 12 are payable for financial years ending after 1 January 2024. The company was subject to
Current tax on profits for the year 72,071 3,406 Corporate Income Tax for the first time during the year ending 31 December 2024. Enactment of the legislation requires the
Tonnage tax 521 –
Company to record deferred taxes using the enacted rate of 9%.
Current tax expense 72,592 3,406
In 2023, the Group signed a Fiscal Letter with the Department of Finance’s Supreme Council for Financial and Economic Affairs
(“SCFAEA”), which was further amended on 11 November 2024. The Fiscal Letter became effective for the year ending
31 December 2024. The UAE Corporate Income Tax law takes precedence over the Fiscal Letter, and any income generated
Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
from international shipping by group entities registered in Abu Dhabi, exempt under the UAE Corporate Income Tax law, is taxed
Assets Liabilities
under the Fiscal Letter based on tonnage rates prescribed within the Fiscal Letter. These changes provide the Group with a more
2024 2023 2024 2023
USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 consistent and manageable tax liability, aligning the tax burden with the operational capacity of the fleet rather than fluctuating
profits. The activities, which are subject to income tax, include terminals, logistics, services and non-international shipping
Provisions – 1,123 – –
Property, plant and equipment – – 34,803 35,671 through which the Group operates a comprehensive port and integrated logistics service networks. The logistics products
include transportation, warehousing and distribution and supply chain management services.
Total – 1,123 34,803 35,671
Global Minimum Taxation (OECD Pillar Two)
In an effort to end tax avoidance and to address concerns regarding the erosion of the global corporate tax base, a global
framework for corporate taxation has been formed by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework and is supported by over 135
jurisdictions. One of the key elements is to introduce a global minimum tax rate of 15%, based on group accounting income per
jurisdiction. The minimum tax rules are designed as a hierarchy of the right to claim income tax. If the income is not subject to a
minimum effective tax rate of 15% in the country where it is earned, then the remaining tax payment (top-up tax) can be picked
up by another jurisdiction where the Group is active. ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC and its subsidiaries will be grouped under
the ultimate parent entity of the Group, ADNOC, which currently pays tax at an effective tax rate of more than 15%. On
December 9, 2024, the UAE Ministry of Finance confirmed the introduction of a 15% Domestic Minimum Top-up Tax (DMTT)
for large groups with consolidated revenues exceeding EUR 750 million (approximately USD 825 million) and operations in
multiple jurisdictions, effective 1 January, 2025. Federal Decree Law No. (47) will be amended to include DMTT provisions
for multinationals

===== PAGE 83 =====
162 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 ADNOC Logistics & Services Annual Report and Accounts 2024 163
STRATEGIC
REPORT
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2024
30 Income Tax (continued)
Three elements are key to understanding how the rules will impact the Group:
First, the Group does not set up artificial structures in low-tax jurisdictions for tax purposes or earn significant profits in such
jurisdictions, which means that our business structure itself is not impacted significantly by the rules, but some additional tax
may become payable where services are provided in low-tax jurisdictions,
Second, tax incentives given to capital projects, such as critical infrastructure, will be considered less effective going forward as
it will impact the effective tax rate and thereby the basis for potential top-up tax,
Third, although the rules exclude ‘international shipping income’, the definition is more restrictive than the global definitions
usually applied under a tax treaty following the OECD Model Tax Convention or under tonnage tax.
Due to the design of tonnage taxation, the Group’s effective tax rate fluctuates significantly depending on the yearly results and
will also be calculated on a consolidated basis with other activities.
Taking the transitional Safe Harbor regulations into consideration, our analysis shows that no material top-up tax should apply to
ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC in 2024.
31 Capital Reorganization
The transfer of the interest in Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C. (refer Note 1) is assessed to be a
common control transaction as the Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C. continued to be controlled by the
Shareholder being, by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) both before and after the reorganization. Therefore, the
reorganization was considered to be outside the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations.
Although ADNOC Logistics & Services PLC (the Company) was incorporated on the 19 April 2023, the reorganization became
effective on the 25 April 2023 as this is the date when the shares were transferred that effectively made the Company the parent
company of Abu Dhabi Marine Business and Services Company P.J.S.C. and the wider L&S group.
The Group has applied the capital reorganization method of accounting in line with its accounting policies. Accordingly, for the
purpose of this consolidated financial statements:
• The assets and liabilities of the Group were reflected at their carrying amounts. No adjustments were made to reflect fair
values, or recognize any new assets or liabilities, at the date of the combination that would otherwise be recognized under the
acquisition method.
• No goodwill was recognized as a result of the combination. Any difference between the consideration transferred and the
acquired net assets is reflected within equity.
• The consolidated statement of comprehensive income reflects the results of the combined entities as though they
always existed.
32 Subsequent Events
In January 2025, the Company completed its acquisition of an 80% stake in Navig8 TopCo Holdings Inc. (Navig8) for USD 999.3
million, with a contractual commitment to acquire the remaining 20% in mid-2027. The remaining 20% ownership will be
acquired in 2027 for a deferred consideration of between USD 335 million and USD 450 million, dependent on Navig8’s EBITDA
performance in the intervening period.
In January 2025, the Company signed a USD 1.3-2.0 billion Hybrid Capital Instrument (HCI). Initial drawing against the HCI will be
USD 1.1 billion, leaving USD 0.9 billion capacity available to be drawn until 31 December 2026. The first drawdown against the
HCI is priced at SOFR+125bps and is repayable at ADNOC L&S’ discretion.
In the meeting of the Board of Directors on 11 February 2025, it was proposed that a final cash dividend of USD 136,500
thousand is paid in quarter two of 2025.

===== PAGE 84 =====
