Fawry for Banking Technology and
Electronic Payments S.A.E (FWRY.CA)
Press Release
19 March 2025




 Fawry Secures Islamic Financing License from the Financial
 Regulatory Authority (FRA) through Fawry MSME Finance
 19 March 2025 – (Cairo, Egypt) Fawry, (the "Company", FWRY.CA on the Egyptian Exchange), Egypt’s leading Fintech,
 has announced that its fully owned subsidiary Fawry MSME Finance has officially obtained an Islamic financing license
 from the Financial Regulatory Authority (FRA). This milestone marks a significant expansion in Fawry’s offerings,
 allowing the company to provide Sharia-compliant financial solutions tailored to the growing demand for Islamic
 finance in Egypt.

 Alexander Levchenko, Chief Executive Officer of Fawry MSME Finance, commented: “With its Islamic financing
 license, Fawry MSME Finance will offer Sharia-compliant financial products, meeting the growing demand for Islamic
 finance among Egyptian entrepreneurs. This step aligns with the company’s strategy to expand financial inclusion
 and support MSMEs with tailored and accessible financial instruments."

 Eng. Ashraf Sabry, Chief Executive Officer of Fawry, commented: “The approval from the FRA reinforces Fawry’s
 commitment to diversifying its financial services, positioning itself as a key player in Egypt’s rapidly evolving fintech
 and Islamic finance landscape. This step is expected to drive further growth, customer engagement, and market
 penetration, particularly among segments that prioritize Islamic banking principles in their financial transactions.”


                                                         – Ends –




  FAWRY FOR BANKING TECHNOLOGY AND ELETCRONIC PAYMENTS I PRESS RELEASE                                                 1
Fawry for Banking Technology and
Electronic Payments S.A.E (FWRY.CA)
Press Release
19 March 2025




 About Fawry for Banking Technology and Electronic Payments


                                                                                            INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                                                            CONTACT

                                                                                            For further information, please
                                                                                            contact:
                                                                                            Hassan Abdelgelil
                                      Fawry                                                 Director of Investor
                                  Shareholders’                                             Relations
                                                                                            investor.relations@fawry.com
                                    Structure
                                                                                            Building 221 – F12 – Financial
                                                                                            district – Smart Village




                                                                         As of 31/12/2024


 Founded in 2008, Fawry is the largest e-payment platform in Egypt serving the banked and unbanked population.
 Fawry’s primary services include enabling electronic bill payments, mobile top-ups and provisions for millions of
 Egyptian users. Other digital services also include e-ticketing, cable TV, and variety of other services. Through its peer-
 to-peer model, Fawry is enabling corporates and SMEs to accept electronic payments through a number of platforms
 including websites, mobile phones, and POSs. With a network of 36 member banks, its mobile platform and more than
 372 thousand agents, Fawry processes more than 6 million transactions per day, serving an estimated customer base
 of 53.1 million users monthly. Learn more at www.fawry.com.




  FAWRY FOR BANKING TECHNOLOGY AND ELETCRONIC PAYMENTS I PRESS RELEASE                                                   2
