Fawry for Banking Technology and
Electronic Payments S.A.E (FWRY.CA)
Press Release
28 May 2025




 Fawry MSME Finance Completes First Securitized Bond Issuance
 Worth EGP 497.5 Million, with CI Capital as Lead Advisor
 28 May 2025 – (Cairo, Egypt) Fawry, (the "Company", FWRY.CA on the Egyptian Exchange), Egypt’s leading Fintech,
 has announced that its fully owned subsidiary Fawry MSME Finance, a leading provider of financial solutions to Egypt’s
 micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises, is pleased to announce the successful completion of its first securitization
 issuance, amounting to a total value of EGP 497.5 million. This transaction marks the initial tranche under a broader
 securitization program, paving the way for future issuances.

 The issuance marks a significant milestone for Fawry MSME Finance as it diversifies its funding sources to support the
 growing demand for credit among Egypt’s MSME sector. The transaction is backed by a securitized portfolio of
 receivables originated by the company and reflects the strong quality of its credit portfolio and robust underwriting
 standards.

 CI Capital served as the financial advisor, arranger, issuance manager, and bookrunner for the transaction, bringing
 deep market expertise and strategic guidance throughout the process. EG Bank acted as the custodian, Russell Bedford
 as the auditor of the issuance, and Matouk Bassiouny & Hennawy as the legal advisor.

 The bond issuance, approved by the Financial Regulatory Authority (FRA) and rated A- (investment grade) by Middle
 East Ratings and Investor Services (MERIS), was structured as a single tranche totaling EGP 497.5 million with a tenor
 of 13 months.

 Alexander Levchenko, Chief Executive Officer of Fawry MSME Finance, commented: “This securitization is a
 strategic step in our mission to scale our lending operations and provide greater access to finance for MSMEs across
 Egypt. The strong investor appetite reflects confidence in our model, our portfolio performance, and the strength of
 Egypt’s MSME sector.”

 Amr Helal, CEO of the Investment Bank (Sell-Side) at CI Capital: "The first issuance for Fawry MSME Finance reflects
 our vision at CI Capital to enable companies to access sustainable sources of financing that support their expansion.
 We remain committed to developing the Egyptian debt capital markets and enhancing debt products as effective
 tools to drive corporate growth. I truly value our partnership with Fawry, which is built on strong mutual trust, and
 this transaction reaffirms CI Capital’s ability to structure and deliver complex deals tailored to the evolving needs of
 the market."

 Eng. Ashraf Sabry, Chief Executive Officer of Fawry, commented: "Achieving an A- rating from MERIS in our first
 issuance is a testament to the credibility of our underwriting practices and the strength of our portfolio. It also signals
 growing market confidence in the MSME lending space. We are also very proud to have partnered with CI Capital on
 this landmark transaction. Their deep market knowledge and execution capabilities played a crucial role in the
 successful closure of this deal."


                                                          – Ends –




  FAWRY FOR BANKING TECHNOLOGY AND ELETCRONIC PAYMENTS I PRESS RELEASE                                                   1
Fawry for Banking Technology and
Electronic Payments S.A.E (FWRY.CA)
Press Release
28 May 2025




 About Fawry for Banking Technology and Electronic Payments


                                                                                            INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                                                            CONTACT

                                                                                            For further information, please
                                                                                            contact:
                                                                                            Hassan Abdelgelil
                                      Fawry                                                 Director of Investor
                                  Shareholders’                                             Relations
                                                                                            investor.relations@fawry.com
                                    Structure
                                                                                            Building 221 – F12 – Financial
                                                                                            district – Smart Village




                                                                         As of 31/03/2025


 Founded in 2008, Fawry is the largest e-payment platform in Egypt serving the banked and unbanked population.
 Fawry’s primary services include enabling electronic bill payments, mobile top-ups and provisions for millions of
 Egyptian users. Other digital services also include e-ticketing, cable TV, and variety of other services. Through its peer-
 to-peer model, Fawry is enabling corporates and SMEs to accept electronic payments through a number of platforms
 including websites, mobile phones, and POSs. With a network of 36 member banks, its mobile platform and 396
 thousand agents, Fawry processes more than 6 million transactions per day, serving an estimated customer base of
 53.8 million users monthly. Learn more at www.fawry.com.




  FAWRY FOR BANKING TECHNOLOGY AND ELETCRONIC PAYMENTS I PRESS RELEASE                                                   2
