  RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                together with
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
   For the year ended 31 December 2025
RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
(A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
And Independent Auditor’s Report
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All Amounts Are Expressed In Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
.
                                                                      Pages

Independent Auditor’s Report                                              1-5

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                  1

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                      2

Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income                          3

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                   4

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                          5

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                         6 – 61
  KPMG Professional Services Company                                                                                             ‫ﺷرﻛﺔ ﻛﻲ ﺑﻲ إم ﺟﻲ ﻟﻼﺳﺗﺷﺎرات اﻟﻣﮭﻧﯾﺔ ﻣﺳﺎھﻣﺔ ﻣﮭﻧﯾﺔ‬
  Roshn Front, Airport Road                                                                                                                                                                                ‫ طرﯾﻖ اﻟﻣطﺎر‬،‫واﺟﮭﺔ روﺷن‬
  P.O. Box 92876                                                                                                                                                                                                 ۹۲۸۷٦ ‫ﺻﻧدوق ﺑرﯾد‬
  Riyadh 11663                                                                                                                                                                                                      ۱۱٦٦۳ ‫اﻟرﯾﺎض‬
  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                                                                                                                                                                                     ‫اﻟﻣﻣﻠﻛﺔ اﻟﻌرﺑﯾﺔ اﻟﺳﻌودﯾﺔ‬
  Commercial Registration No 1010425494                                                                                                                                                                 ۱۰۱۰٤۲٥٤۹٤ ‫ﺳﺟل ﺗﺟﺎري رﻗم‬

  Headquarters in Riyadh                                                                                                                                                                                    ‫اﻟﻣرﻛز اﻟرﺋﯾﺳﻲ ﻓﻲ اﻟرﯾﺎض‬




  Independent Auditor’s Report
  To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company
   (a Saudi Joint Stock Company)

  Opinion

  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Riyadh Cables Group Company, (the
  “Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
  position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statements of profit or loss, other comprehensive
  income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
  statements, comprising material accounting policies and other explanatory information.

  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
  the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and its consolidated financial
  performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International
  Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards
  and pronouncements issued by the Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants
  (SOCPA).

  Basis for Opinion

  We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing that are endorsed in the
  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
  Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
  independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
  (including International Independence Standards), that is endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, as
  applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
  ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code’s requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we
  have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

  Key audit matters

  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context
  of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
  do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




© 2026 KPMG Professional Services Company, a professional closed joint stock company registered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a paid-up capital of SAR110,000,000 and a non-partner member firm of the KPMG
                          global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.

‫ وھﻲ ﻋﻀﻮ ﻏﯿﺮ ﺷﺮﯾﻚ ﻓﻲ اﻟﺸﺒﻜﺔ اﻟﻌﺎﻟﻤﯿﺔ ﻟﺸﺮﻛﺎت ﻛﻲ ﺑﻲ إم ﺟﻲ اﻟﻤﺴﺘﻘﻠﺔ واﻟﺘﺎﺑﻌﺔ ﻟـ ﻛﻲ ﺑﻲ إم ﺟﻲ‬،‫( ﷼ ﺳﻌﻮدي ﻣﺪﻓﻮع ﺑﺎﻟﻜﺎﻣﻞ‬۱۱۰٬۰۰۰٬۰۰۰) ‫ رأس ﻣﺎﻟﮭﺎ‬،‫ ﺷﺮﻛﺔ ﻣﺴﺎھﻤﺔ ﻣﮭﻨﯿﺔ ﻣﻘﻔﻠﺔ ﻣﺴﺠﻠﺔ ﻓﻲ اﻟﻤﻤﻠﻜﺔ اﻟﻌﺮﺑﯿﺔ اﻟﺴﻌﻮدﯾﺔ‬،‫ ﺷﺮﻛﺔ ﻛﻲ ﺑﻲ إم ﺟﻲ ﻟﻼﺳﺘﺸﺎرات اﻟﻤﮭﻨﯿﺔ ﻣﺴﺎھﻤﺔ ﻣﮭﻨﯿﺔ‬۲۰۲٦©
                                                                                            ‫ ﺟﻤﯿﻊ اﻟﺤﻘﻮق ﻣﺤﻔﻮظﺔ‬.‫ ﺷﺮﻛﺔ اﻧﺠﻠﯿﺰﯾﺔ ﺧﺎﺻﺔ ﻣﺤﺪودة ﺑﺎﻟﻀﻤﺎن‬،‫اﻟﻌﺎﻟﻤﯿﺔ اﻟﻤﺤﺪودة‬
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

(a Saudi Joint Stock Company) (continued)

Key audit matters


Revenue recognition

 Refer to Note 7 for the accounting policy related to revenue recognition and Note 33 for the related
 disclosures to the consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit

 The Group applies IFRS 15 'Revenue from                    Among other procedures, we performed the
 contracts with customers'.                                 following:

 The group recognized revenue amounting to SR               •   Evaluated the Group’s accounting policies
 10.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2025.              relating to revenue recognition in light of the
                                                                applicable financial reporting framework.
 Revenue mainly resulted from the sale of goods
 after the transfer of control to customers, while          •   Assessed the design and implementation and
 revenue from other long term installation contracts            tested the operational effectiveness of internal
 are recorded over time using percentage of                     control related to revenue recognition.
 completion.
                                                            •   Inquired from the management representatives
 Revenue is considered one of the significant                   regarding fraud awareness and the existence
 indicators for measuring the performance of the                of any actual fraud cases.
 Group and involves risk of fraud, resulting in
 significant inherent risks related to the possibility of   •   Performed analytical procedures, including
 recognizing revenue which might not meet revenue               margin analysis for sales compared with the
 recognition criteria and recording the revenue                 prior year, and obtained explanations for any
 during the incorrect accounting period and might               significant changes.
 have a material impact on the consolidated
 financial statements of the Group.                         •   Tested a sample of journal entries relating to
                                                                revenue accounts by inspecting related
                                                                supporting documents.

                                                            •   Tested a sample of revenue transactions
                                                                before and after the reporting date through
                                                                tracing the invoices back to the relevant
                                                                customers’ acceptance documents to assess
                                                                whether the revenue is properly recorded in
                                                                the correct accounting period.

                                                            •   Evaluated the adequacy of respective
                                                                disclosures presented by the management in
                                                                the consolidated financial statements.




                                                            2
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company
(a Saudi Joint Stock Company) (continued)

Key audit matters (continued)


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Note 7 for the accounting policy related to financial assets and Note 16 for the related disclosure to
the consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

 As at 31 December 2025, the gross trade             Among other procedures, we have performed the
 receivables amounted to SR 2.7 billion, against     following:
 which a provision for impairment of SR 0.26
 billion was maintained.                             •   Evaluated the Group’s accounting policies
                                                         relating to trade receivables in light of the
                                                         applicable financial reporting framework.
 In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9
 ‘Financial Instruments’, the group has applied
                                                     •   Assessed the design and implementation and
 the expected credit loss model to account for           tested the operational effectiveness of the internal
 the impairment of trade receivables.                    controls related to trade receivables, which also
                                                         includes estimation of expected credit losses with
 Application of the expected credit loss model to        respect to trade receivables.
 trade     receivables    involves     significant
 management judgement and estimation. This           •   Assessed the completeness and accuracy of the
 includes consideration of macroeconomic                 aging report of trade receivables.
 factors and an analysis of historical trends in
 the Group’s trade receivable collection             •   Involved our internal FRM specialists to assist us in
                                                         evaluating the modeling framework and assessing
 experience to assess the appropriateness of
                                                         the reasonableness of key judgements and
 the inputs used in the calculation, in                  assumptions applied in estimating impairment
 accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9.             losses on trade receivables.
 These judgements and estimates may have a
 material impact on the Group’s consolidated         •   Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures in the
 financial statements.                                   consolidated financial statements relating to credit
                                                         risk and expected credit losses.




                                                         3
Independent auditor’s report
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company
(a Saudi Joint Stock Company) (continued)

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s
report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read the annual report, when made available to us, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with IFRS that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards and
pronouncements issued by SOCPA, the applicable requirements of the Regulations for Companies,
Company’s By-Laws and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance, Board of Directors, are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) that are endorsed in the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing that are endorsed in the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

 •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.



                                                          4
Independent auditor’s report
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company
(a Saudi Joint Stock Company) (continued)

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

 •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

 •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by management.

 •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, then we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor`s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
     to continue as a going concern.

 •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

 •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
     group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
     work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit of Riyadh Cables Group Company and its subsidiaries.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor`s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


KPMG Professional Services Company




Fahad Mubark Al Dossari
License No. 469

Riyadh, 7 Shawwal 1447H
Corresponding to: 26 March 2026



                                                           5
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

1.   REPORTING ENTITY
     Riyadh Cables Group Company (“the Company”) was formed as a Saudi Joint Stock Company in
     accordance with the Regulations for Companies in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“KSA”). The
     Company operates under the updated Commercial Registration No. 1010052927, (the unified number
     is 7013527861), which was last updated on 24 Jumada’ II 1435H (corresponding to 24 April 2014). The
     Company operates under Industrial License No. 396/R dated 12 Jumada’ II 1416H (corresponding to
     25 November 1995) amended by Industrial License No. 36/R dated 5 Muharram 1418H (corresponding
     to 12 May 1997) amended by Industrial License No. 2572 dated 16 Rajab 1434H (corresponding to 26
     May 2013). The Company’s registered office is located at Second Industrial Area, P.O. Box 26862
     Riyadh 11496, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
     The principal activities of the Group include the production of isolated and non-isolated cables made
     from copper as well as aluminum.
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the company and its
     subsidiaries listed below (collectively referred to as the “Group”).
                                                                                Ownership interest held by the
                                                                 Country of     Group (directly or indirectly)
                  Subsidiary                   Legal form       Incorporation     2025                2024

     1. Saudi Modem Company for
     Metals, Cables and Plastic
     Industry and its subsidiaries listed A Closed Joint Kingdom of
     below:                              Stock Company Saudi Arabia                    100%               100%
                                              Limited
     1.1 Qatar Cables Company                Liability
         LLC***                              Company           Qatar                   100%                 50%
                                              Limited
     1.2 Arabian Gulf Company for            Liability
         Electrical Cables LLC *             Company          Kuwait                    49%                 49%
                                              Limited
     1.3 Gulf Company Electrical             Liability
         Works                               Company           Oman                    100%               100%
     1.4 Egyptian Riyadh Cable              Joint Stock
         Company for Electrical              Company
         Works *                              (E.S.C)          Egypt                    49%                 49%
     2. Saudi Modern Company for
         Specialized Wires and Cables A Closed Joint Kingdom of
         Industry                        Stock Company Saudi Arabia                    100%               100%
     3. Saudi Modern Company for A Closed Joint Kingdom of
         Telephone Cables Industry Stock Company Saudi Arabia                          100%               100%
     4. Riyadh Cables Company and A Closed Joint Kingdom of
         its subsidiaries listed below: Stock Company Saudi Arabia                     100%                100%
                                              A single
                                            shareholder
     4.1 National Cables Industry         limited liability
           Company                           company           UAE                     100%                100%
                                              A single
     4.2 Alrowad Company for                shareholder
        Production of Electrical          limited liability
        Cables Limited **                    company            Iraq                   100%                100%
                                              Limited
      4.3 Artikul Aziya Kabel LLC            Liability
        ****                                 Company         Uzbekistan                 51%                      -
                                              Limited
      5. Saudi Modern Company for            Liability      Kingdom of
           Cables Limited                    Company        Saudi Arabia               100%                100%

                                                                  6
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

1.     REPORTING ENTITY (CONTINUED)
1.1.   Arabian Gulf Company for Electrical Cables LLC and Egyptian Riyadh Cable Company for
       Electrical Works
       The Group owns 49% of the shareholding of these subsidiaries, however owned a control, the Group
       has the ability to exercise control over the investee through its ability to direct the related activities of
       the investees. The Group considers all other relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it
       has power over an investee, including any contractual and other such arrangements which may affect
       the activities which impact investees’ return.
1.2.   Alrowad Company for Production of Electrical Cables Limited
       On 31 August 2017, National Cables Industry Company (a subsidiary of Riyadh Cables Company)
       acquired 100% of interest in Alrwoad Company for Production of Electrical Cables Limited in Iraq
       owned by "Abdul Qadir Al Muhaidib & Sons Company” (a Shareholder of the Company). The net
       assets of Alrwoad Company for Production of Electrical Cables Limited at the acquisition date was
       higher than the cash consideration, and a reserve was recognized as a result of the acquisition process
       amounting to SR 22,7 million in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
1.3.   Qatar Cables Company LLC
       On 17 April 2025, the Group acquired the remaining 50% share in Qatar Cables Co. (LLC) through its
       subsidiary, the Saudi Modern Company for Metal, Cables and Plastic Manufacturing (a wholly owned
       subsidiary by Riyadh Cables Group Company). There was no impact on the Group’s control over the
       subsidiary, as the Group continues to retain control over the subsidiary, and the subsidiary has not yet
       commenced operations. The share capital for the non-controlling interest amounting to QAR 100,000
       was paid, and the ownership percentage in the subsidiary reached 100%.
4.3.   Artikul Aziya Kabel LLC
       During the year 2025 the group announced the signed of an agreement to purchase 51% of the shares
       of “Artikul Aziya Kabel Company” in the Republic of Uzbekistan through one of its subsidiaries
       (Riyadh Cables Company) of SR 147,697,586 million. All the process as per agreement to fulfillment
       of several conditions for completion, including obtain approvals for the merger and transfer of
       ownership from the Competition Committee of the Republic of Uzbekistan, complete the legal
       requirements of the sellers, and obtain regulatory approvals from the current financing entities of Artikul
       Aziya Kabel Company are completed. The main activities of the subsidiary produces a wide range of
       cable and wire products using modern technological equipment. The effective date of control considered
       to be 28 November 2025. (Please refer to note 10.2).

2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION AND STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS that are endorsed in
       the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“KSA”) and other standards and pronouncements endorsed by the Saudi
       Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants (“SOCPA”). And the applicable requirements
       of the Regulations for Companies and the Company’s By-Laws.

3.     BASIS OF MEASUREMENT

       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis and the going
       concern concept, except for the following:

       •   Employees’ defined benefits obligations that have been actuarially evaluated and measured at the
           present value using the projected unit credit method.
       •   Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
       •   Measuring derivative financial instruments at fair value.


                                                            7
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

4.   FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY

     These consolidated financial statements are presented in Saudi Riyals (SR) which is the Company’s
     functional currency and Group’s presentation currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest
     SR, unless otherwise indicated.

5.   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

     Subsidiaries

     The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred
     to the Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are
     the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.
     Impairment losses are immediately recognized in profits or losses.

     Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. Control is achieved when the Group has rights to the
     returns, and its involvement in the investee has the ability to affect those returns through its control over
     the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has all the following:

     •   Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the ability to direct the activities of the
         investee);
     •   Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement in the investee; and
     •   The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

     Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this
     presumption, and when the Group has less than the majority of the voting rights of an investee, the
     Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has control over the
     investee, including:

     •   The contractual arrangements with the other holders of the voting rights of the investee;
     •   Rights arising from other contractual arrangements. and
     •   The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

     The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
     there are changes in one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins
     when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control over the
     subsidiary. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group
     and deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

     The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When
     necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.




                                                          8
    RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
    (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
    For the year ended 31 December 2025
    (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

5   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

    Accounting for Business Combinations Involving Entities or Businesses Under Common Control

    Accounting for business combinations involving entities or businesses under common control is outside
    the scope of IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”. In the case of an absence of specific guidance in IFRS,
    management uses its judgement in developing and applying an accounting policy that is relevant and
    reliable. In making that judgement, the management may also consider the most recent pronouncements
    of other standard-setting bodies that use a similar conceptual framework to develop accounting
    standards, to the extent that these do not conflict with the IFRS Framework or any other IFRS or
    Interpretations.

    Several such bodies have issued guidance, and some allow the pooling of interests’ method in
    accounting for business combinations involving entities under common control.

    The management has adopted the pooling of interest method to account for the business combinations
    of entities under common control. This method involves the following:

    •   The assets and liabilities of the combining entities are reflected at their carrying amounts (no fair
        valuation).
    •   No new goodwill is recognized as a result of combination. And if there is goodwill arising from the
        difference between the consideration paid and the equity acquired it is reflected directly in the
        equity.
    •   The consolidated statement of profit or loss of the combining entities reflects the results of the full
         year irrespective of when the combination took place.

    Non – controlling interest (“NCI”)

    NCIs are measured initially at their proportionate share of the acquirer’s identifiable net assets at the
    date of acquisition.

    Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
    as equity transactions
    The share of profits or losses and the net assets that the Group does not control if they exist is presented
    separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and within equity in the consolidated statement
    of financial position. If the Group retains any interest in the previous subsidiary, then such interest is
    measured at fair value at the date when control is lost.

    Loss of Control

    When the Group losing control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the
    subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognized
    in the statement of profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value
    when control is lost.
    Transactions eliminated on consolidation

    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between Group companies
    are eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed, where necessary, to ensure consistency
    with the policies adopted by the Group.




                                                         9
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

 5   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

     Non – controlling interest (“NCI”) (continued)

     Interests in equity-accounted investees

     The Group’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in a joint venture. A joint venture
     is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets
     of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. Interests in the joint
     venture are accounted for under the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost, which includes
     transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
     Group’s share of the profit or loss and OCI of equity accounted investees, until the date on which joint
     control ceases.

6.   NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS OR AMENDMENTS FOR 2025 AND FORTHCOMING
     REQUIRMENTS

     Number of accounting standards, amendments to or interpretations of accounting standards have been
     issued. However, which did not have a material impact on the group financial statements as of 31
     December 2025.

     •     New currently effective requirements: This table lists the recent changes to the Accounting
           Standards that are required to be applied with an annual reporting period beginning on 1 January
           2025.

            Effective date                       New Accounting Standards or Amendments
     1 January 2025                   Lack of Exchangeability – Amendments to IAS 21

     •     Forthcoming requirements: This table lists the recent changes to the Accounting Standards that
           are required to be applied for annual reporting periods beginning after 1 January 2025 and that are
           available for early adoption in annual reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2025.

              Effective date                      New Accounting Standards or Amendments
                                      Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments –
                                      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity – Amendments to
                                      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
         1 January 2026               Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11
                                      IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial
                                      Statements
                                      IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:
     1 January 2027                   Disclosures
     Available for optional           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
     adoption/ effective date         and its Associate or Joint Venture - Amendments to
     deferred indefinitely            IFRS 10 and IAS 28

     The Group has not early adopted the new standards or amendments to new IFRSs that have been issued.




                                                           10
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICES

     The Group has consistently applied the following accounting policies to all periods presented in these
     consolidated financial statements unless otherwise stated.

     Current versus non-current classification

     The Group has consistently applied the following accounting policies to all periods presented in these
     consolidated financial statements unless otherwise stated.

     Current versus non-current classification
     The group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on
     current/non-current classification. Assets are classified as current when:

     •   Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle;
     •   Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
     •   Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period;
     •   Cash and cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle liabilities for at
         least twelve months after the reporting period date.

     All other assets are classified as non-current.

     A liability is current when:

     •   It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle,
     •   It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
     •   It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period;
     •   It does not have the right at the end of the reporting period to defer settlement of the liability for at
         least twelve months after the reporting period.

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of any accumulated depreciation and accumulated
     impairment losses, if any. Lands and projects in progress are stated at cost less any accumulated
     impairment losses, if any. Cost includes all amounts necessary for bringing the asset to the present
     condition and location to be ready for its intended use by management. Such cost includes the cost of
     replacing part of the property, plant and equipment if the recognition criteria are met, as well as costs
     incurred during the pre-operating period, less proceeds from sale of experimental production.

     When parts of property, plant and equipment are significant in cost compared with total cost of asset,
     and when these parts/components have useful lives different from other parts and required to be replaced
     at intervals, the Group has to recognize such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and
     depreciates them accordingly. Likewise, when a major repair is performed (planned or unplanned), its
     cost is recognized in the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment as a replacement if the
     recognition criteria are satisfied. This is recorded as a separate part with a useful life equal to the period
     up to the upcoming planned overhaul. The carrying amount of the replaced part is written-off. In case
     the upcoming repair is made before the planned date, any outstanding carrying amount for previous
     repair is recorded as an expense. Other repair and maintenance costs are recognized in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss as incurred.




                                                          11
    RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
    (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
    For the year ended 31 December 2025
    (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

    Depreciation is calculated from the date for which assets are available for their intended use. Self-
    constructed assets are from the date of completing such assets and be ready for their intended use.
    Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives
    as follows:
    Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the assets as
    follows:
                                                                 Expected useful life (number of years)

    Buildings                                                      20 – 25 or lease term whichever is lower
    Property, plant and equipment                                                                   20 - 30
    Strategic spare parts                                                                                 10
    Motor vehicles                                                                                         4
    Furniture & fixtures                                                                              4 - 10
    Tools                                                                                                  5
    Laboratory equipment                                                                                  10
    Computers                                                                                             10
    Lands and projects in progress are not depreciated. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and methods
    of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted prospectively if required , at end of each year.
    Any item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when it is unlikely that any
    future economic benefits will arise from the continuing use of the assets. Profits and losses resulting
    from disposal of property, plant and equipment that are retired, sold or unrecognized are identified by
    comparing the proceeds with carrying amount of an asset and are recognized under “other income, net”
    in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
    An asset’s carrying amount is written-down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
    carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
    Intangible assets and Goodwill
    Intangible assets
    Intangibles assets are initially recognized at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses,
    if any. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognized as an expense as and when
    incurred.
    Amortization is charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss by applying the straight-line basis
    whereby the carrying amount of an asset is amortized over its estimated useful life to the Company
    unless such life is indefinite. The estimated useful life of intangible assets (computer software) is 15
    years.
    The Company accounts for impairment, where indications exist, by reducing the asset’s carrying
    amount to the recoverable amount.
    Goodwill
    Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is measured at cost as established at the date of
    acquisition less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
    For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s CGU (or groups of
    CGU) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.




                                                        12
    RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
    (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
    For the year ended 31 December 2025
    (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Intangible assets and Goodwill (continued)
    Goodwill (continued)
    A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently
    when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less
    than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
    goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit prorata based on the carrying
    amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in the
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed
    in subsequent periods.
    On disposal of the relevant CGU, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination
    of the profit or loss on disposal.

    Investment in a joint venture
    A joint venture is an arrangement where two or more parties have joint control. The joint operations are
    divided into projects or joint operations based on related rights and obligations. Joint control is the
    contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
    relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Interests in joint ventures
    are recognized using the equity method, and are initially recognized at cost, which includes transaction
    costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share
    of the profit or loss and OCI of equity accounted investees, until the date on which joint control ceases.

    Investment Properties
    Investment properties are non-current assets held either to earn rental income or for a capital
    appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business. Investment properties is
    measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently at cost less accumulated depreciation and
    impairment losses, if any.

    Investment properties are derecognized when they are sold, owner-occupied or in case of not holding it
    for increase in its value.

    Any gain or loss on disposal of investment properties (calculated as the difference between the net
    proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognized in the consolidated statement
    of profit or loss. When investment properties that were previously classified as property and equipment
    are sold, any related amount included in the revaluation reserve is transferred to retained earnings.

    Expenses incurred for replacing component of investment properties items, which are accounted for
    separately are capitalized, and carrying amount of replaced component is written off. Subsequent
    expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the item of
    the related investment properties. All other expenses are recognized in the consolidated statement of
    profit or loss when incurred.

    Investment property includes land, which is not depreciated.

    Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
    An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
    recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the highest of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal
    and value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
    which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows
    from assets or group of other assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that have been
    impaired are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment loss at the end of each reporting period.




                                                       13
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Foreign Currencies

     Transactions and Balances
     Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded by the Group’s entities denominated in the
     functional currency of each of them according to the exchange rate prevailing on the date when the
     transaction becomes qualified for recognition for the first time. Monetary assets and liabilities
     denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the
     reporting date.

     The differences arising on the settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the
     consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Group.

     Non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated
     using the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the initial transaction.

     Conversion of the financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries
     The results and financial position of foreign operations that have a functional currency different from
     the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

     •   Items of assets and liabilities presented for each statement of financial position are translated at the
         closing rate at the date of statement of financial position.
     •   Revenues and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
         transferred at the average exchange rates (unless the average rate does not nearly reasonably
         represent the effect of the accumulated exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which
         case the income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates on the transaction dates);
     •   All currency exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

     Inventory
     Inventory includes raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, supplies and spare parts that are
     recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Work in progress and finished goods inventory
     include direct materials, direct labors and an appropriate proportion of fixed and variable indirect
     expenses.

     Costs are assigned to items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased
     inventory are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realizable value is considered as
     the estimated selling price in ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to completion and the
     estimated costs necessary to complete the sale.

     Financial instruments

     Recognition and Initial Measurement

     Trade receivables issued are initially recognized when they are originated. All other financial assets and
     financial liabilities are initially recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument.

     A financial asset (unless it is a receivable without a significant financing component) or financial
     liability is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss
     (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Trade receivables
     without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.




                                                         14
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Financial Assets
     Classification of Financial Assets
     On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as: measured at amortized cost, fair value through
     other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL).
     A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions are met:
     a)      The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets
             in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
     b)      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
             solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
     A financial asset shall be measured at FVTOCI if both of the following conditions are met:
     a)      The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
             collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
     b)      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
             solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
     A financial asset shall be measured at FVTPL unless it is measured at amortized cost or at FVTOCI.
                       Financial Assets                                  IFRS 9 classification
     Cash and bank balances                              at amortized cost
     Trade receivables                                   at amortized cost
     Other non-current assets                            at amortized cost

     Subsequent measurement
     The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets:
                                   These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net profit and loss
     Financial assets at FVTPL     including interest revenue and dividends are recognized in the consolidated
                                   statement of profit or loss.
                                   These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
                                   effective interest rate method. Amortized value is reduced by impairment
     Financial assets at           losses. Interest revenue, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment
     amortized cost                are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Any gain or
                                   loss on derecognition of an investment is recognized in the consolidated
                                   statement of profit or loss.

                                Subsequently measured at fair value. Interest revenue calculated using the
                                effective interest rate method, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                                impairment are recognized in profit or loss. Other net profits and losses are
     Financial assets through
                                recognized in OCI. On derecognition, accumulated profits and losses in
     other comprehensive income
                                OCI are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     (debt investments)
                                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are
                                recognized as income in profit or loss. Any profit or loss on derecognition
                                or recognition of investment is recognized in equity and may not be
                                reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     Financial assets through   These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are
     other comprehensive income recognized as income in profit or loss. Any profit or loss on derecognition
     (investments in equity     or recognition of investment is recognized in equity and may not be
     instruments)               reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                        15
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Financial Assets (continued)

     Reclassifications

     Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except in the period after the
     Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.

     Derecognition

     A financial asset is derecognized when:

     •   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
     •   The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
          obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
          ‘pass-through’ arrangement, and either:

     (a) The Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
     (b) The Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset
     but has transferred control of the asset.

     Impairment of financial assets

     The Group recognises loss allowances for ECLs on trade receivables which are disclosed below note
     (16 ).

     Loss allowances for trade receivables or contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
     lifetime ECLs.

     When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
     recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information
     that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
     information and analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and informed credit assessment,
     that includes forward-looking information.

     The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

     -   The debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
         Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

     -   The financial asset is more than 90 days past due.

     Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
     financial instrument.

     Presentation of Impairment

     Loss provisions for financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying
     amount of the assets.

     Impairment losses related to receivables from customers are presented separately in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss.




                                                          16
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Presentation of Impairment (continued)

     Expected credit loss assessment for trade and other receivables

     The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach in measuring expected credit losses which uses a
     lifetime expected credit losses provision.

     The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of receivables before each reported period
     and corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are
     adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the
     ability the customers to settle the receivables.

     The Group has identified GDP of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, inflation rate and Saudi government
     spending (the country in which it renders the services) to be the most relevant factor, and accordingly
     adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

     The Group uses a point in time PD model to measure its impairment on financial assets. Point-in-time
     PD models incorporate information from a current credit cycle and assess risk at a point-in-time.

     The point-in-time PD term structure can be used to measure credit deterioration and starting PD when
     performing the provision calculations. Also, when calculating lifetime expected credit losses, after the
     inputs are correctly converted, cash flows can be projected and gross carrying amount, loss provision,
     and amortized cost for the financial instrument are then calculated.

     Macroeconomic weighted average scenarios
     The Group includes macroeconomic factor of GDP to develop multiple scenarios, the purpose is
     towards the realization of most likely outcome using worst and best case scenarios. The scenario-based
     analysis includes forward-looking information into the impairment estimation using multiple forward-
     looking macroeconomic scenarios. The estimate of expected credit losses reflects an unbiased and
     probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes.

     After the inputs to the model are adjusted for above mentioned macroeconomic scenarios, PD of each
     scenario is calculated and then weighted average PD based on likelihood of scenarios is calculated. In
     the last step, a weighted average lifetime ECL based on the likelihood of the scenarios is determined.

     Definition of default
     In the above context, the Group considers default when:

     •   the customer is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
         Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or
     •   The customer is more than 90 days past due on any material credit obligation to the Group.

     The carrying amount of the asset is reduced using the above model and the loss is recognized in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Receivables, together with the associated provision
     are written off when there is no realistic prospect of future recovery and all collateral has been realized
     or has been transferred to the Group. If, in a subsequent year, the amount of the estimated impairment
     loss increases or decreases because of an event occurring after the impairment was recognized, the
     previously recognized impairment loss is increased or reduced. If a write-off is later recovered, the
     recovery is recognized under other revenues in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                         17
    RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
    (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
    For the year ended 31 December 2025
    (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Presentation of Impairment (continued)

    Specific provision
    Specific provision is recognized for each customer separately at each reporting date. The Group
    recognizes specific provision against receivables from certain customers. Provisions are reversed only
    when the outstanding amounts are recovered from the customers.

    Write-off
    The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
    there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the
    debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the
    amounts subject to the write-off.

    Financial Liabilities

    All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings,
    net of directly attributable transaction costs.

    The Group’s financial liabilities mainly include trade and other payables, accrued expenses, other
    current liabilities, Islamic finance facilities and due to related parties.

    After initial recognition, loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
    effective interest rate method.

                    Financial liabilities                                  IFRS classification

    Trade payables                                        at amortized cost
    Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        at amortized cost
    Islamic finance facilities                            at amortized cost

    Derecognition
    The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled
    or expired.

    Modifications of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
    If the terms of a financial asset are modified, the Group evaluates whether the cash flows of the modified
    asset are substantially different. If the cash flows are substantially different, then the contractual rights
    to cash flows from the original financial asset are deemed to have expired. In this case, the original
    financial asset is derecognized and a new financial asset is recognized at fair value.

    If the cash flows of the modified asset carried at amortized cost are not substantially different, then the
    modification does not result in derecognition of the financial asset. In this case, the Group recalculates
    the gross carrying amount of the financial asset and recognizes the amount adjusting the gross carrying
    amount as modification gain or loss in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    Financial Liabilities
    The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
    modified liability are substantially different. In this case, new financial liabilities based on the modified
    terms are recognized at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
    distinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognized in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss.




                                                         18
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)


7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Financial Liabilities (Continued)

     Financial Derivatives
     The Group maintains financial instruments to hedge its exposure related to commodity price. On initial
     designation of the hedge, the Group formally documents the relationship between the hedging
     instrument(s) and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking
     the hedge transaction, together with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the
     hedging relationship.

     At the inception of the hedge relationship and on an ongoing basis, the Group makes an assessment to
     identify whether the hedging instrument is expected to be “highly effective” in offsetting the changes
     in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items during the period for which the hedge is determined.

     The transaction should be highly probable, whether the actual results of each hedge are within the scope
     of the risk management policy and for the cash flow hedge of the expected transaction.

     Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value, and attributable transaction costs are recognized in
     profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value,
     and changes there in are accounted for as shown below.

     Cash Flow Hedge

     When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of the changes
     in the fair value of the defined and qualified derivatives is recognized as changes in cashflows hedges
     in other comprehensive income, and is accumulated in the hedging reserve in equity. The profit or loss
     related to ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item
     affects profit or loss (e.g. when the expected sale of the hedged item occurs). The profit or loss related
     to the effective portion of the value of the commodity is recognized in the statement of profit or loss
     under “Cost of revenue”.

     Upon expiration, termination, sale, or transacting the hedge instrument, or when the hedge no longer
     meets the criteria for hedge accounting, hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge
     accounting for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount accumulated remains within equity and is
     recognized when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognized in profit or loss. When a forecast
     transaction is no longer expected to occur, the profit or loss accumulated that was recognized in equity
     is transferred to the consolidated statement of profit or loss under “Revenue or Cost of Revenue.”




                                                        19
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Cash Flow Hedge (continued)

     Other derivatives

     When a financial instrument is not classified as a qualifying hedging relationship, all changes in its fair
     value are recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     Offset of financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the consolidated
     statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized
     amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
     simultaneously.

     Non-current assets classified as held for sale are presented separately and are measured at the lower of
     their carrying amounts immediately prior to their classification as held for sale and their fair value less
     costs to sell. However, some held for sale assets such as financial assets, continue to be measured in
     accordance with the Group’s relevant accounting policy for those assets. Once classified as held for
     sale, the assets are not subject to depreciation or amortization.

     Any gain or loss arising from the sale of a discontinued operation or its remeasurement to fair value
     less costs to sell is presented as part of a single line item, profit or loss from discontinued operations.

     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, bank balances, short-term deposits, call deposits and
     other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are
     readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and which are not subject to significant risk of changes
     in value.

     Fair value measurement

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based on
     the assumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

     •   In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
     •   In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

     The Group uses appropriate valuation techniques with surrounding conditions for which sufficient data
     are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of appropriate inputs that can be monitored and
     minimizing the use of inputs that cannot be monitored to the greatest extent possible.




                                                         20
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Fair value measurement (continued)

     The measurement of the fair value of a non-financial asset takes into account the ability of the market
     participant to generate economic benefits by using the asset at its maximum and best use or by selling
     it to another market participant who may use the asset at its maximum and best use.

     All assets and liabilities whose fair values are measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
     classified in the fair value hierarchy. This is described as follows, based on the lowest input level that
     is important for the overall measurement:

     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be
              obtained at the measurement date.

     Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
               liabilities either directly or indirectly.

     Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
              (unobservable inputs).

     For assets and liabilities that are measured in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis,
     the Group determines whether transfers have been made between hierarchy levels by reassessing the
     classification (based on the lowest input level that is significant for the overall measurement) at the end
     of each reporting period.

     Dividends to the shareholders of the Group

     Dividends to the shareholders of the Group are recognized as liability in the consolidated financial
     statements of the Group in the year in which the dividends are approved by the shareholders of the
     Group.

     Employees’ benefits

     Short-term employees’ benefits
     Short-term employees’ benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
     for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this
     amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

     Employees benefits are payable to all employees employed under the terms and conditions of the labour
     laws applicable on the Group, on termination of their employment contracts.

     Defined contribution plan
     Retirement benefit in the form of General Organization of Social Insurance (GOSI) is a defined
     contribution scheme. The Group has no obligation, other than the contribution payable to the GOSI.
     The Group recognizes contribution payable to the GOSI as an expense when due.

     Defined benefit plans (employees’ end of service benefits)
     The Group operates defined benefit plans, under the Saudi Labor Law applicable based on employees’
     accumulated periods of service at the date of statement of financial position.

     The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plans is determined separately for each plan
     using the projected unit credit method. Previously, employees' end of service benefits' liability was
     calculated at the current value of the vested benefits to which the employee was entitled, should his
     service be terminated at the reporting date.


                                                         21
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Employees’ benefits (continued)

     Defined Benefits plans (employees’ end of service benefits) (continued)
     Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding
     amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and the return on plan assets
     (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognized
     immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding debit or credit to
     retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Re-measurements are not reclassified
     to profit or loss in subsequent periods.

     Past service costs are recognized in statement of profit or loss on the earlier of:

     •   The date of the plan amendment or curtailment, and
     •   The date on which the Group recognizes related restructuring costs
     •   Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.

     The Group recognizes the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss:

     •   Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments
         and non-routine settlements, and
     •   Net interest expense or income.

     Zakat and Income Tax

     Zakat
     Zakat is calculated in accordance with regulations of Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority in the Kingdom
     of Saudi Arabia (“ZATCA”) on the Saudi shareholders’ shares and on an accrual basis. The Zakat
     charge is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The differences, if any, resulting
     from the final assessments are adjusted in the year when declarations are finalized.

     Income tax
     Income tax is calculated at the specified rates on the adjusted share of the income of non-Saudi
     shareholders specified in accordance with the Saudi regulations that are endorsed in the Kingdom of
     Saudi Arabia, and, it is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

     For subsidiaries that are incorporated and operated outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, provision for
     tax is computed in accordance with the tax regulations of their respective countries, when it is material.

     Pillar Two

     The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework on
     Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) addresses the tax challenges arising from the digitalization of
     the global economy. The Global AntiBase Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two model rules) apply to
     multinational enterprises (MNEs) with annual revenue in excess of EUR 750 million per their
     consolidated financial statements.

     These rules, applicable on a jurisdictional basis, aim to ensure a minimum level of taxation on income
     generated in each jurisdiction in which an entity operates.




                                                         22
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Zakat and Income Tax (continued)
     Deferred tax
     Deferred tax of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities is recorded
     in the consolidated financial statements and the tax base used to calculate the taxable profit. Deferred
     tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets for deductible
     temporary differences are recorded when it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
     which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets
     is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
     that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
     Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
     a past event, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are not
     recognized for future operating losses.
     Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
     settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized
     even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item recognized in the same item of
     liabilities may be small.
     Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
     to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period.
     Treasury Shares
     When shares recognized as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which
     includes directly attributable costs, is recognised as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares
     are classified as treasury shares and are presented in the treasury share reserve.
     Share based payments
     At the date of vesting share-based payments that are settled with equity instruments and generally
     granted to employees, fair value is recognized as an expense with the corresponding increase in equity
     over the award vesting period. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number
     of awards under which the related service conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount is
     ultimately based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.
     Revenue recognition
     Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and includes
     unbilled revenue (contract assets), where applicable. The Group recognises revenue when it transfers
     control of a product or service to a customer, either at a point in time or over time, depending on the
     terms of the contract and the nature of the performance obligations.
     The Group assess the services promised in a contract with a customer and identifies as a performance
     obligation either:
     a) Service that is distinct.
     b) Series of distinct services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer
        to the customer (i.e. each distinct service is satisfied over the time and the same method is used to
        measure progress).




                                                        23
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Revenue recognition (continued)
     The Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on a five-step model as set out in
     IFRS 15:

     Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer: A contract is defined as an agreement between two or
             more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations and sets out the criteria for every
             contract that must be met.

     Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract: A performance obligation is a promise in
             a contract with a customer to transfer a good or service to the customer.

     Step 3: Determine the transaction price: The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which
             the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a
             customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

     Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: For a contract that
             has more than one performance obligation, the Group will allocate the transaction price to each
             performance obligation in an amount that depicts the amount of consideration to which the
             Group expects to be entitled in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation.

     Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

     The Group satisfies a performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time, if one of the following
     criteria is met:

     (a)   The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternate use to the Group and the
           Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
     (b)   The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is
           created or enhanced.
     (c)   The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
           performance as the Group performs.

     As the performance obligations, where one of the above conditions are met, revenue is recognized
     overtime basis at which time the performance obligation is satisfied.

     When the Group satisfies a performance obligation by delivering the promised goods or services it
     creates a contract based asset on the amount of consideration earned by the performance. Where the
     amount of consideration received from a customer exceeds the amount of revenue recognized this gives
     rise to advances from customer (contract liability).

     Revenue is recognized to the extent it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and
     the revenue and costs, if applicable, can be measured reliably.

     The application of IFRS 15 has required management to make the following judgements:

     Satisfaction of performance obligations
     The Group is required to assess each of its contracts with customers to determine whether performance
     obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time in order to determine the appropriate method of
     recognizing revenue. The Group has assessed that based on the agreement entered into with the
     customers, the Group does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and usually has an
     enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. In these circumstances the Group
     recognizes revenue over time. Where this is not the case revenue is recognized at a point in time. For
     sale of goods, revenue is generally recognized at a point in time.

                                                        24
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Revenue recognition (continued)

     Determination of transaction prices
     The Group is required to determine the transaction price in respect of each of its agreements with
     customers. In making such judgment the Group assess the impact of any variable consideration in the
     contract, due to discount or penalties, the existence of any significant financing component in the
     contract and any non-cash consideration in the contract.

     Transfer of control in contracts with customers
     In case where the Group determines that performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time, revenue
     is recognized when control over the assets that is subject of contract is transferred to the customer.

     In addition, the application of IFRS 15 has resulted in the following estimation process:

     Allocation of transaction price to performance obligation in contracts with customers
     The Group has applied the input method in allocating the transaction price to performance obligations
     where revenue is recognized over time. The Group considers that the use of the input method, which
     requires revenue recognition on the basis of the Group’s efforts to the satisfaction of performance
     obligation, provides the best reference of revenue actually earned. In applying the input method, the
     Group estimates the efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation.

     Other matters to consider

     Variable consideration

     If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount
     of consideration to which the Group is entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or
     services to a customer. The Group estimates the transaction price on contracts with variable
     consideration using the expected value or most likely amount method. The method is applied
     consistently throughout the contract and to similar types of contracts.

     Significant financing component

     The Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the time value of money if the contract
     contains a significant financing component.

     Revenue streams

     The Group earns revenue from following sources:

                     Revenue streams                                   Revenue recognition

     Sale of goods                                      At point in time
     Contract revenue                                   Over time

     Revenue from sale of goods

     Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in the contracts with customers and excludes
     amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognizes revenue when control of the product
     is transferred to the customer, which happens upon delivery to the customer.

     If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the fees to
     which it is entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.


                                                        25
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Contract revenue
     Contract revenue are recognized over time. Revenue is measured and recognized based on percentage
     of completion method, which is calculated by comparing between the percentage of actual cost incurred
     to‐date to estimated total cost for each contract.

     Estimates of revenue, costs or extent of percentage of completion are revised if circumstances changed.
     Any resulting increase or decrease in estimated revenue or costs are reflected in profit or loss in the
     period in which the circumstances that lead to the revision become known to the management.

     Estimated costs and profits in excess of invoices on incomplete contracts are recognized in current
     assets as contract assets, and invoices in excess of costs incurred and estimated profits, if any, are
     recognized in current liabilities as contract liabilities.

     Contract costs
     Additional costs are recognized to obtain the contract as an expense, unless the Group has reasonable
     expectation of recovering these costs from its customer, as these costs are explicitly charged to the
     customers. The Group consumes these costs on a regular basis in conformity with transferring goods
     or services to a customer.

     Contract assets and liabilities
     Under IFRS 15, when a party to a contract performs its obligations, the entity shall present in its
     statement of financial position, contract assets or liabilities, depending on the relationship between the
     entity's performance and customer payments. Contract assets primarily relate to the Group's rights to
     consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date.

     Contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers for
     construction of cables, for which revenue recognized over time. an entity’s obligation to transfer cables
     and installation services. If the consideration agreed in the contract includes a variable amount, the
     Group estimates the amount of consideration that the Group is entitled to in exchange for transferring
     the goods or services agreed upon with the customer.

     Cost of sales
     Production costs and direct manufacturing expenses are classified as cost of sales. This includes raw
     material, direct labors, depreciation and other related general indirect costs. This also includes share of
     the related common overheads.

     Selling and distribution expenses
     This include any costs incurred to execute or facilitate all sale transactions in the Group. These costs
     typically include salaries of the sales employees, costs of managing the exhibitions, marketing and
     distribution expenses, and logistics expenses as well as commissions, fees and the like. This includes
     share of the related general common costs.
     General and administrative expenses
     This pertain to operating expenses that are not directly related to the production of any goods or services.
     This includes share of the related general common costs.
     Common expenses between direct cost, selling and distribution expenses, and general and
     administrative expenses, when required, are allocated on a consistent basis.
     Finance cost
     The finance cost consists of the interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with
     borrowing of allocated funds through the Group, the interest on the employee’s end-of-service benefits
     according to IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’, and interest expenses on lease liabilities in accordance with
     IFRS 16 ‘Leases’.

                                                         26
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Reporting Segments

     An operating segment is a component of the Group:

     •   That engages in activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses.
     •   Results of its operations are continuously analyzed by chief executive officer in order to make
         decisions related to resource allocation and performance assessment; and
     •   For which separate financial information is available.

     A geographical segment is a group of assets, operations or entities engaged in revenue generating
     activities within a particular economic environment that are subject to risks and returns different from
     those operating in other economic environments.

     IFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified based on internal reports that are regularly reviewed
     by the Group executive management and used to allocate resources to segments and assess their
     performance. These operating segments described below has been identified in note (40) in accordance
     with IFRS 8. Most of the Group's revenue, profits and assets arise by its operations in Saudi Arabia and
     arise from these specific business segments. The executive management monitors the operational results
     of these operating segments continuously for making decisions about resource allocation and
     performance evaluation. Segment performance is evaluated based on profit or loss and other
     performance measurement indicators.

     Earnings per share

     The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share
     is calculated based on the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted-average
     number of ordinary shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated based on the profit or
     loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding
     after adjustment for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

8.   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS

     The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires management to make
     judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenue, costs, assets and
     liabilities, and the disclosure of contingencies at the reporting date. However, uncertainty about these
     assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the
     carrying amounts of the asset or liability affected in the future.

     These estimates and assumptions are based upon experience and other various factors that are believed
     to be reasonable under these circumstances and are used to estimate the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and assumptions are reviewed
     regularly. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are
     revised or in the revision period, if the effect of revision is limited to that period only, or they are
     recognized in the revision period and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     The key assumption concerning the future and key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     the assets and liabilities within the next financial year is discussed below:




                                                        27
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8.   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     Judgments
     Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have significant effects on the
     amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements are included in the following notes:
     Note 5 - whether the group exercises control over an investee.
     Note 12 - Investment in a joint venture
     Assumptions and Estimation uncertainties
     Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have the most significant effect on the
     amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements, are described below:
     Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
     At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to assess whether there is
     an indication that those assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group makes an
     estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s
     fair value less costs to sell or its value in use.
     In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows attributable to the asset are discounted to their
     present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
     and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs to sell, recent market transactions
     are taken into account.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately
     in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
     revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the increased carrying amount
     does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined that no impairment loss been
     recognized for the asset in prior years. An impairment loss reversal is recognized immediately in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     Expected Life of Property, Equipment, And Plants
     The Group’s management determines the expected life of property, plant and equipment for calculating
     depreciation. The estimate is carried out after considering the expected usage of the assets or
     obsolescence. Management performs periodic review for the estimated useful lives and depreciation
     method to ensure that depreciation duration and method are consistent with the expected pattern for the
     economic benefit of the assets.
     Fair Value Estimation of Financial Instruments
     The Group uses the most observable market inputs when measuring the fair value of an asset or a
     liability. Fair values are classified in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
     which are shown as follows:
     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be
     obtained at the measurement date.
     Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
     liabilities either directly or indirectly.
     Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
     (unobservable inputs).
     Expected credit loss provision for trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs of trade receivables. The provision rates are based
     on days past due for groupings of various customer segments.




                                                          28
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8.   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Assumptions and Estimation Uncertainties (Continued)

     Expected credit loss provision for trade receivables (continued)
     The provision matrix is initially based on the entire Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group
     calibrates the matrix to adjust historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
     instance, if forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead
     to an increased number of defaults in the industry, the historical default rates are adjusted. At every
     reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking
     estimates are analyzed.

     The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic
     conditions and ECL is a significant estimate. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast
     of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future.

     The key assumptions used in estimating the expected credit losses include historical default rates,
     customer credit risk profiles and forward-looking macroeconomic factors. Changes in these
     assumptions could result in a material adjustment to the carrying amount of trade receivables within the
     next financial year.

     Expected adjustments of net realizable value
     Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. When inventory becomes old or
     obsolete, an estimate is made for the net realizable value. For individually significant amounts, this
     estimate is made on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually significant, but which are
     old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and
     the degree of aging, obsolescence. physical deterioration, quality issues and change in demand and
     goods pricing.

     The determination of net realizable value involves significant management judgment regarding future
     selling prices, demand for the products and the condition of inventory. Changes in these assumptions
     could result in adjustments to the carrying amount of inventory in future periods.

     Assumptions of employees’ benefits obligations
     The Group operates an end-of-service benefits plan for its employees based on the prevailing Saudi
     Labor laws. The liability is being accrued based on projected credit unit method in accordance with the
     periodic actuarial valuations.

     Certain actuarial assumptions have been applied as set out in note 23 to these consolidated financial
     statements for valuation of present value of defined benefit obligations. Any changes in these
     assumptions in future years might affect gains and losses in those years.

     Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
     a past event, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate for the consideration required to settle the
     present obligation at reporting date taking into account risk and doubts specific to liability. Where the
     provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, it carrying amount
     is the present value of those cash flows.

     When the Group expects some or all of economic benefits that are required to settle a provision of third
     party to be reimbursed, the accrued amount is recognized as an asset if the reimbursed amount is
     virtually certain and its value can be reliably estimated.



                                                        29
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8.   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Onerous contracts
     Current liabilities - arising from onerous contract - are identified and recognized as provisions. The
     contract is considered as onerous contract if the group enters into a contract in which the unavoidable
     costs of meeting the contractual obligations exceed the financial returns expected to be received under
     the contract.

     The Group uses the expected metals prices of copper and aluminum for the next 3 months based on the
     London metal exchange.

     Zakat and Income tax
     When calculating the Zakat and income tax expense for the current period, the Group has adjusted its
     net income and applied certain assumptions to the Zakat and income tax base used to calculate the Zakat
     and income tax expense. However, the Zakat legislations issued by ZATCA with respect to these
     amendments are subject to amendments and interpretations that are subject to change. The Group's
     management has provided its best estimates for those assumptions.




                                                       30
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

                                                                                                                                                 Assets under
                                                           Plant and       Motor      Furniture &                Laboratory           Strategic construction
                                     Land    Buildings (*) equipment      vehicles      fixtures      Tools      equipment Computers spare parts     (**)                Total

     Cost
     1 January 2024               218,636,293 374,079,447 1,990,260,465 16,637,766 31,554,841 65,963,790 128,422,257          18,392,630    11,929,536 133,382,451    2,989,259,476
     Additions                              -   2,002,459    9,851,125   2,237,775  1,878,478  5,778,574   2,560,416             842,831     4,593,337 165,240,842     194,985,837
     Disposals                              -    (800,000) (16,636,671) (1,199,476)  (158,252)   (69,730)          -                   -    (1,598,281)          -     (20,462,410)
     Transfers from AUC                     -   2,621,981   25,841,248           -    727,446    396,900           -                   -             - (29,587,575)               -
     Impact of changes in forex
     exchange rates                    (2,103)     (6,118)     (22,542)       (144)      (393)      (878)          -                (276)         -      (2,393)           (34,847)
     31 December 2024             218,634,190 377,897,769 2,009,293,625 17,675,921 34,002,120 72,068,656 130,982,673          19,235,185 14,924,592 269,033,325       3,163,748,056

     Accumulated depreciation               - 242,026,364 1,322,849,797 15,226,889 27,360,865 53,162,879 102,420,879          13,616,817     5,935,111           -    1,782,599,601
     Charge for the year                    - 11,559,599     34,306,057    708,133  1,472,733  4,873,970   6,818,431             575,389     1,642,705           -       61,957,017
     Disposals                              -    (421,333) (14,087,840) (1,199,476)  (158,252)   (69,730)          -                   -      (892,688)          -      (16,829,319)
     Impact of changes in forex
     exchange rates                         -      (3,403)     (13,392)       (110)      (309)      (725)          -                (248)            -           -         (18,187)
     31 December 2024                       - 253,161,227 1,343,054,622 14,735,436 28,675,037 57,966,394 109,239,310          14,191,958     6,685,128           -    1,827,709,112

     Net carrying amount
     31 December 2024             218,634,190 124,736,542   666,239,003   2,940,485     5,327,083   14,102,262   21,743,363    5,043,227     8,239,464 269,033,325    1,336,038,944




                                                                                        31
     RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
     (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                            Assets under
                                                                   Plant and        Motor      Furniture &                  Laboratory           Strategic construction
                                         Land        Buildings (*) equipment       vehicles      fixtures      Tools        equipment Computers spare parts     (**)                      Total

     Cost
     1 January 2025                   218,634,190 377,897,769 2,009,293,625 17,675,921 34,002,120 72,068,656 130,982,673 19,235,185 14,924,592                         269,033,325      3,163,748,056
     Additions                                     24,550,789   30,195,163   2,542,502    1,245,599 13,325,797      5,489,885   499,969  3,140,115                     107,888,264       188,878,083
     Disposals                         (1,936,895) (3,649,741) (88,301,941) (1,800,095) (13,224,397) (11,580,284) (16,951,537) (560,684)         -                                      (138,005,574)
     Transfers from AUC                 5,633,329 53,239,196 137,529,271        44,629    1,502,017 39,655,480        125,631                    -                     (237,729,553)                -
     On acquisition from Subsidiary
     (Refer note 10-2)                           -    19,244,481    26,389,084     1,519,206     3,491,232             -             -     355,779             -          2,281,945        53,281,727
     Impact of changes in forex
     exchange rates                           (29)     83,441          (571,935)    (15,439)   (34,464)     54,072           -              (25,341)         -               17,848           (491,847)
     31 December 2025                 222,330,595 471,365,935      2,114,533,267 19,966,724 26,982,107 113,523,721 119,646,652           19,504,908 18,064,707         141,491,829      3,267,410,445

     Accumulated depreciation                    - 253,161,227 1,343,054,622 14,735,436 28,675,037 57,966,394 109,239,310 14,191,958                   6,685,128                   -    1,827,709,112
     Charge for the year                         - 12,857,432    34,176,624   1,285,880    2,076,652 20,260,870      3,412,608   726,735               1,819,310                   -      76,616,111
     Disposals                                    - (2,642,995) (82,343,747) (1,649,925) (13,223,551) (11,461,371) (16,951,537) (553,935)                          -              -     (128,827,061)
     Impact of changes in forex
     exchange rates                              -         (21)     (32,530)          -             75,767       98,207              -      (92,260)           -                  -           49,163
     31 December 2025                            - 263,375,643 1,294,854,969 14,371,391         17,603,905   66,864,100     95,700,381   14,272,498    8,504,438                  -     1,775,547,325


     Net carrying amount
     31 December 2025                 222,330,595     207,990,292 819,678,298      5,595,333     9,378,202   46,659,621     23,946,271    5,232,410    9,560,269       141,491,829     1,491,863,120
      31 December 2024                218,634,190     124,736,542 666,239,003      2,940,485     5,327,083   14,102,262     21,743,363    5,043,227    8,239,464       269,033,325     1,336,038,944

     * This item includes buildings constructed on land leased from the Saudi Authority for Industrial Cities and Technology Zones (MODON) for a period of 20 years until 1454H
     (corresponding to 2032) that are recognized under right of use assets (Note 13).

     ** Assets under construction represent work in progress related to the construction of the Group's plant facilities.
     Depreciation charge for the year ended has been allocated as follows:

                                                                                                                                                        2025                           2024

     Cost of sales - Note 34                                                                                                                             73,202,998                     58,558,735
     Selling and distribution expenses - Note 35                                                                                                            516,254                        437,585
     General and administration expenses - Note 36                                                                                                        2,896,859                      2,960,697
                                                                                                                                                         76,616,111                     61,957,017




                                                                                                 32
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
9.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)

       The Group holds assets the cost of which amounts to SR 841,7 million as tat 31 December 2025 (31
       December 2024: SR 972,8 million), which are fully depreciated but are still in use. The details of such
       assets are as follows:

                                                                           2025                  2024

       Buildings                                                          103,433,735           107,083,476
       Plant and equipment                                                610,623,660           688,485,187
       Motor vehicles                                                      10,647,828            12,227,438
       Furniture & fixtures                                                12,244,399            24,407,750
       Tools                                                               24,027,536            41,348,916
       Laboratory equipment                                                71,785,824            89,765,420
       Computers                                                            8,972,532             9,523,862
                                                                          841,735,514           972,842,049

10.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

                                                                               2025               2024
                                      Goodwill*           Software             Total              Total
       Cost:
       As at 1 January                           -         80,879,539         80,879,539         80,879,539
       Additions during the year        86,361,201                  -         86,361,201            -
       As at 31 December                86,361,201         80,879,539        167,240,740         80,879,539

       Amortization:
       As at 1 January                            -        23,716,088         23,716,088         18,112,544
       Charge for the year                        -         5,603,548          5,603,548          5,603,544
       As at 31 December                          -        29,319,636         29,319,636         23,716,088
       Net carrying amount as at
       31 December                      86,361,201         51,559,903        137,921,104         57,163,451

10.1   Software

       The above intangible assets represent cost of SAP system.

       The amortization has been charged to general and administration expenses (Note 36).

10.2   Goodwill

       * On 28 November 2025, the Group, through its wholly owned subsidiary Riyadh Cables Group, entered
       into a final Share Purchase Agreement with the owners of Artikul Aziya Kabel LLC, a company
       registered in the Republic of Uzbekistan, to acquire 51% of its equity shares.

       Following the fulfillment of all required completion conditions—including obtaining approval from the
       Uzbek Anti-Monopoly Commission, completing sellers’ legal requirements, and securing necessary
       regulatory approvals—the Group obtained control over Artikul Aziya Kabel LLC on 28 November
       2025.

       The consideration for the acquisition amounted to SR 147,697,586.




                                                         33
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
10.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (CONTINUED)
10.2   Goodwill (continued)
       Purchase Price Allocation
       As of 28 November 2025, the Group has provisionally recognized the identifiable assets acquired and
       liabilities assumed. The purchase price allocation is still subject to finalization within the measurement
       period allowed by IFRS 3 (up to 12 months from the acquisition date). The provisional amounts
       recognized are as follows:
       Initial amounts at the acquisition date                                              November 2025
       Assets Acquired
       Non-Current assets
       Property, Plant and Equipment                                                                53,281,727
       Right of use assets                                                                           1,582,726
                                                                                                    54,864,453
       Current assets
       Inventories                                                                                  76,058,909
       Trade Receivables                                                                            62,728,115
       Prepayments and Other Receivables                                                            23,424,617
       Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                    11,336,056
                                                                                                   173,547,697
       Total Assets                                                                                228,412,150

       Liabilities Assumed
       Non-Current Liabilities
       Borrowings                                                                                   24,186,215
       Lease Liability                                                                               1,250,749
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                 254,192
                                                                                                    25,691,156
       Current Liabilities
       Borrowings                                                                                   19,275,504
       Lease Liability                                                                                 763,570
       Trade and other payables                                                                     54,946,627
       Income Tax                                                                                      468,002
       Accruals and other current liabilities                                                        6,999,866
                                                                                                    82,453,569
       Total liabilities                                                                           108,144,725

                                                                                                  2025
       Consideration paid                                                                         120,243,573
       Deferred consideration (*)                                                                  27,454,015
       Total purchase consideration                                                               147,697,588

       Total identifiable net assets                                                               120,267,425
       Ownership percentage                                                                              51%
       Total identifiable net assets attributed to the parent                                      (61,336,387)

       Initial goodwill arising on acquisition                                                      86,361,201

       Cash outflow on acquisition,
                                                                                                           2025

       Net cash acquired with the subsidiary                                                        11,336,056
       Cash paid                                                                                  (120,243,573)
       Net Cash Outflow                                                                           (108,907,517)

                                                            34
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
10.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (CONTINUED)

10.2   Goodwill (COUNITUED)

       The excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets acquired has been provisionally
       recognized as goodwill, which represents future economic benefits arising from assets that are not
       individually identified and separately recognized. Management expects to complete the purchase price
       allocation exercise within 12 month of the acquisition date.

       The acquired entity contributed revenue of SR 80.89 million and profit of SR 4.07 million to the Group
       for the period from the acquisition date 28 November 2025 to 31 December 2025.

       If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, management estimates that the Group’s consolidated
       revenue for the year would have increased approximately SR 543 million and consolidated profit for
       the year would have increased approximately SR 18.50 million.

       (*) The deferred consideration amounting to SR 27,454,015 is payable within one year from the
       acquisition date and is expected to be settled in cash.

11.    INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                            % of
                                                         Shareholding            2025                2024

       Natural Gas Distribution Co                                7.7%          10,357,658         26,334,977
       International Co for Insulation Materials                 19.7%              12,141             12,141
                                                                                10,369,799         26,347,118

       There are no additions, disposal or dividends received for those investments during the year, the changes
       compared with the last year is related to the fair value measurements. The information about the fair
       value measurement is included in Note (43.1). The amount recognized in other comprehensive income
       amounted to a loss of SR 15,977,319 in 2025, (In 2024 a gain of SR 9,053,554).

 12.   EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES

       The Group had investments in (Gulf and Riyadh Electric Wires Cables CO – LLC a Kuwait company)
       a “joint venture” with (Gulf Cable and Electrical Industries Corporation, “a Kuwait Shareholding
       Company”).
       The joint venture has not yet started its commercial operations.
       The following table summarizes the financial information of the Gulf and Riyadh Electrics wires Cables
       Company:

                                                                            2025                   2024
       Group’s percentage ownership interest                                       50%                      50%
       Current assets (including cash and equlivents-2025: SR 3.3
       million, 2024 2,8 million)                                           63,717,279             62,835,726
       Non-current liabilities                                               -                      -
       Current liabilities                                                     (13,525)               (16,972)
       Net Assets                                                           63,703,754             62,818,754
       Group’s share of net assets (50%)                                    31,851,877             31,409,377
       Carrying amount of interest in joint venture                         31,851,877             31,409,377
       Profit and total comprehensive income (100%)                            885,000              1,613,754
       Group’s share of total comprehensive income (50%)                       442,500                806,877




                                                          35
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
13.    RIGHT OF USE ASSETS

       The right-of-use assets are represented in the value of rents of the Group’s lands and warehouses, in
       addition to rents for workers’ housing, offices and branches of one of the Group’s subsidiaries.

                                                    2025                                     2024
                                     Depreciation           Balance           Depreciation          Balance

       Lands                             (3,090,399)            68,936,320         (997,721)         6,945,235
       Warehouses                           (85,579)                42,203          (85,579)           127,782
       Total right of use assets         (3,175,978)            68,978,523       (1,083,300)         7,073,017


       The depreciation has been charged to cost of sales Note (34)

       Lease liabilities

       Discounted lease liabilities included in the consolidated
       statement of financial position
       urrent                                                                 2,042,428              1,096,170
      Non-current                                                             9,396,988              6,296,317
                                                                             11,439,416              7,392,487

       On 26 January 2025, the Group signed a contract with the Crown Paper Industries Group to waive a
       lease of a land leased from the Saudi Authority for Industrial Cities and Technology Zones (MODON)
       to purchase a building constructed on the leased land. The total consideration amounted to SR 74,8
       million, of which SR 14,8 million relates to the cost of the building, while SR 60 million was charged
       to the right-of-use asset as a consideration for waiving the lease. The lease with MODON was signed
       on 17 March 2025. According to the lease agreement, the total lease term is 24 years. The Group
       determined the lease term at the commencement date of the lease. The Group has estimated an
       incremental borrowing rate of 6.67% for the purposes of applying IAS 16.

       Total amount of interest expenses on the lease liabilities recognized on the profit or loss statement
       amounted to SR 356,275 in 2025 (2024: SR 103,788).

14.    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                             2025                   2024
       Cost:
       As at 1 January                                                       37,150,863             37,150,863
       As at 31 December                                                     37,150,863             37,150,863

       Accumulated impairment
       As at 1 January                                                       (27,120,022)           (25,639,877)
       Impairment during the year                                                      -             (1,480,145)
       As at 31 December                                                     (27,120,022)           (27,120,022)
       Net carrying amount as at 31 December                                  10,030,841             10,030,841

       Investment properties are represented in the ownership of lands in the Arab Republic of Egypt, and the
       fair value of the land as at 31 December 2025 amounted to SR 10.9 million based on the latest valuation
       of the land which determined using comparative market approach by (International Engineering
       Consulting) “the valuer”, an independent external real estate valuer, registered in the Central Bank of
       Egypt with No. (37).




                                                           36
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
15.   INVENTORY

                                                                            2025                    2024
      Finished Goods                                                     1,502,695,537           1,226,136,677
      Work in progress                                                     443,992,520             464,126,999
      Raw materials                                                        368,862,655             306,655,673
      Spare parts                                                           51,853,715              42,940,174
      Packaging materials                                                   63,481,720              55,635,180
      Goods in transit                                                      43,732,933             165,597,590
      Projects supplies                                                      3,196,949               3,014,595
      Total                                                              2,477,816,029           2,264,106,888
      Less: Allowance of net realizable value                              (66,766,724)           (138,070,200)
      Net inventory                                                      2,411,049,305           2,126,036,688

      The group has a variety of future contracts to meet the price fluctuations risks of copper, aluminum and
      lead. The effect resulting from closing these contracts - contracts to buy or sell non-financial items that
      are not classified as hedging instruments - is recorded in the cost of production in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss, except for the extra high-voltage cables inputs and overhead conductor
      cables. The par value of the unexecuted future contracts for copper, aluminum and lead on 31 December
      2025 amounted to USD 266 million, equivalent to SR 996 million. The group also accounts for hedging
      contracts for fluctuations in the prices of copper, lead and aluminum, which are used in the product of
      extra high-voltage cables and overhead conductor cables, in accordance with the policy referred to in
      note (26) of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

      Movement in inventory net realizable value is as follows:

                                                                            2025                    2024

      1 January                                                            138,070,200              68,305,439
      Adjustments during the year*                                         (71,303,476)             69,764,761
      31 December                                                           66,766,724             138,070,200

      * Adjustments during the year charged to P&L (note 34).

16.   TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                            2025                    2024

      Trade receivables                                                  2,747,991,081           2,134,767,186
      Impairment loss on trade receivable                                 (262,675,790)           (111,865,763)
      Net trade receivables                                              2,485,315,291           2,022,901,423

      Trade receivables balances include due from related parties of SR 18 million (2024: SR 1,7 million).

      For exposure and impairment amount losses please refer to (note 43.2)
      Expected Credit Losses Assessment for Trade Receivables
      The Group applies the simplified approach of IFRS 9 to measure expected credit losses, which are used
      specifically for the lifetime expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at amortized cost.

      The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the following variables:

      •   Probability of default using a statistical model (i.e. normal distribution curve).
      •   GDP of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the rate of inflation and Saudi government spending, as
          variables of the macroeconomic, to calibrate the historical loss rate.

                                                          37
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
16.   TRADE RECEIVABLES (COUNTINUED)
      The movement in provision for expected credit losses for trade receivables is as follows:
                                                                          2025                    2024

      1 January                                                          111,865,763               88,439,772
      Provision for Impairment loss on trade receivables                 150,810,027               23,425,991
      31 December                                                        262,675,790              111,865,763

17.   CONTRACTS ASSETS / LIABILITIES
A-    Contracts Assets
                                                                          2025                    2024

      Total costs incurred up to reporting date                          309,540,057               61,655,771
      Total income recognized up to reporting date                        19,741,080                6,908,978
      Less: Progress billing                                            (277,367,141)             (53,357,055)
      Contract assets                                                     51,913,996               15,207,694

      The Movement of the Contract assets: -
                                                                          2025                    2024

      Opening balance                                                     15,207,694            25,208,489
      Recognized as revenue during the year                              121,089,468           293,263,766
      Billing during the year                                            (84,383,166)         (303,264,561)
      Closing Balance                                                     51,913,996            15,207,694


B-    Contracts Liabilities
                                                                          2025                    2024

      Total costs incurred up to reporting date                           750,823,883          796,404,549
      Total income recognized up to reporting date                         92,021,927           86,687,660
      Less: Progress billing                                            (911,500,872)         (821,900,991)
      Contract Liabilities                                                 68,655,062           61,191,218

      The movement of the contract liabilities:
                                                                          2025                     2024
      Opening balance                                                    (61,191,218)             (24,977,269)
      Recognized as revenue during the year                              101,728,039               24,977,269
      Billing during the year                                           (109,191,883)             (61,191,218)
      Closing Balance                                                    (68,655,062)             (61,191,218)


18.   ADVANCES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                          2025                    2024
      Advances to suppliers                                              104,451,066              30,898,897
      Suppliers – Rebates                                                  5,338,827               6,659,708
      Prepaid expenses                                                    14,767,980              14,186,484
      Employees’ receivables                                                 712,833                 921,739
      Refundable deposits                                                 38,898,353              18,395,231
      Other                                                               11,278,767               2,927,391
                                                                         175,447,826              73,989,450

                                                        38
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
19.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                          2025                   2024

      Cash at banks – current accounts                                   233,028,270             88,946,278
      Cash on hand                                                         3,014,739              1,726,447
                                                                         236,043,009             90,672,725

20.   SHARE CAPITAL

      The Company’s share capital as at 31 December 2025 amounted to SR 1.5 billion (2024: SR 1.5 billion),
      consists of 150 million shares (2024: 150 million shares) of SAR 10 each. The Company’s share capital
      consists of Saudi shareholders and foreign founders.

21.   GENERAL RESERVE

      The general reserve included in the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025, and 31
      December 2024, was required under the previous Company’s by-laws. However, following
      amendments to the Company's by-laws, there is no longer a requirement to set aside such a reserve.


22.   DIVIDENDS

      On 17 April 2025, the Ordinary General Assembly recommended the distribution of cash dividends to
      shareholders amounting to SR 299.4 million at SR 1.9 per share.

      On 09 September 2025, the Board of Directors approved the distribution of interim cash dividends to
      shareholders amounting to SR 299.4 million at SR 1.9 per share (compared to SR 224.6 million at SR
      1.5 per share for the first half of 2024).

23.   EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS

      The group operates defined benefit plans in line with the labor law requirements in the countries where
      the Group's entities operate. The payments under the plan are based on the employees' final salaries and
      allowances and their cumulative years of service at the date of their termination of employment.

      The employees’ termination benefits plans are unfunded.

      The amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements in the
      net defined benefits obligations during the year are as follows:

                                                                          2025                   2024

      1 January                                                          125,899,543            117,297,199
      Current service cost                                                11,356,239             11,810,488
      Interest cost                                                        6,161,404              5,328,967
      Paid during the year                                               (11,494,611)            (9,699,306)
      Actuarial loss                                                       2,887,373              1,163,589
      Impact of foreign currency exchange translation differences                  --                (1,394)
      31 December                                                        134,809,948            125,899,543




                                                        39
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
23.   EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS (CONTINUED)

      The significant actuarial assumptions used were as follows:

                                                                           2025                   2024

      Discount rate                                                               5.3%                   5.2%
      Salary growth rate                                                            2%                     2%
      Assumed retirement age                                                         60                     60

      Sensitivity analysis

      The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal assumptions used is as
      follows:

                                                                 Impact on the balance of the defined
                                                                      benefit obligations in 2025
                                                                   Increase in          Decrease in
                                                          Change   assumption           assumption

      Discount rate                                           1%            (7,417,000)             8,449,000
      Salary growth rate                                      1%             8,615,000             (7,712,000)

                                                                                      2024
                                                                        Increase in           Decrease in
                                                           Change       assumption            assumption

      Discount rate                                           1%            (7,717,371)            8,795,428
      Salary growth rate                                      1%             8,996,451            (8,017,241)

      The above sensitivity analysis are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other
      assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to happen, and changes in some assumptions may be
      related to others. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant
      actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the defined benefit obligation calculated with
      the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating
      the defined benefit obligation recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position.

24.   ISLAMIC FINANCE FACILITIES AND BORROWING

                                                                           2025                   2024
      Murabaha facility                                                   565,570,253            433,053,112
      Short term borrowing                                                 19,605,306                      -
      Total                                                               585,175,559            433,053,112
      Non-current portion                                                  24,601,242                      -
      31 December                                                         609,776,801            433,053,112




                                                         40
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
24.   ISLAMIC FINANCE FACILITIES AND BORROWING (CONTINUED)

A-    Islamic Murabaha

      The Group entered into credit facilities agreements with several local banks to support the working
      capital during the year with a total amount of SR 2,4 billion (2024: SR 2,4 billion) at Islamic Murabaha
      rates that a variable range (+) SAIBOR. All credit facilities were granted according to promissory notes.
      Murabaha rates on short-term loans are based on Saudi Inter Bank Offer Rate SIBOR plus a variable
      rate during the year.

                                                                           2025                   2024
      1 January                                                           433,053,112            722,123,178
      Utilized during the year                                          3,500,407,249          3,721,460,272
      Paid during the year                                             (3,367,890,108)        (4,010,530,338)
      31 December                                                         565,570,253            433,053,112

B-    Long Term Borrowing

      The Group entered into loan agreements with a bank to support the working capital during the year The
      yield on Murabaha facilities was 5-year USD Swap rate plus 5.25% per annum. (2024: SR Nil billion)

                                                                           2025                   2024
      Additions from acquisition                                           43,461,719                        -
      Effect of Foreign Currency                                              744,829                        -
      31 December                                                          44,206,548                        -

25.   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                           2025                   2024

      Refundable deposits from customers                                  325,755,089            191,521,994
      Accrued VAT                                                          63,159,649             94,010,286
      Accrued expenses                                                     69,363,685             44,113,286
      Employee accruals                                                    23,121,388             27,012,716
      Other                                                                56,252,526             24,424,160
                                                                          537,652,337            381,082,442

26.   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      Forwards and futures
      They are contractual agreements to either buy or sell a specified commodity or financial instrument at
      a specified price and date in the future. Forwards are customized contracts to meet specific needs.
      The Group has adopted a comprehensive system for measuring and managing risks. Part of the risk
      management process is related to managing the Group's exposure to fluctuations in certain inventory
      raw materials prices to reduce its exposure to variability risks in inventory prices to acceptable levels
      as determined by the Board of Directors.

      The Group uses commodity forwards to hedge against certain inventory raw material prices risk on
      copper, aluminum and lead related to producing extra high-voltage cables as well as overhead conductor
      cables. The hedging relationship and objective are documented, including details of the hedged items
      and the hedging instrument. Transactions are accounted for as a cash flow hedge.




                                                         41
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
26.   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      The following table shows the details of par value and carrying amount as at the reporting date:
                                                Par value of
                                                  hedging                    Carrying amount of
                                                instruments                  hedging instruments
      31 December 2025                            Current                 Assets            Liabilities

      Commodity derivatives used for
      hedging                                      922,937,942            101,505,546               374,392
      Other forward commodity contracts             73,250,486             69,291,458            37,693,836
                                                   996,188,428            170,797,004            38,068,228

      The Group purchases copper and lead on an ongoing basis as its operating activities require a continuous
      supply of these materials. The increased fluctuations of these materials prices led the management to
      decide to enter into forwards contracts for materials related to high voltage cables and overhead
      conductor cables.
      The impact of the cash flow hedge for these items on the statement of financial position is as follows:
                                             Settlement of cash      Change in fair
                         31 December             flow hedge         values of hedging        31 December
                             2024               instruments           instruments                2025

      Copper                  (1,871,521)            3,780,151             79,946,254            81,854,884
      Aluminum                (9,312,412)            8,215,342             61,663,585            60,566,515
      Lead                    (6,120,645)           (1,393,573)             2,833,148            (4,681,070)
                             (17,304,578)           10,601,920            144,442,987           137,740,329
27.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                          2025                   2024

      Trade payables*                                                    487,488,135           164,402,300
      Suppliers’ facilities- banks **                                  1,096,671,959         1,434,031,191
                                                                       1,584,160,094         1,598,433,491
      * Payables amounts include dues to related parties of SR 1,9 million (2024: SR 1,9 million) (Note 42).
      ** The group participates in a supplier finance facility arrangement under which its suppliers may elect
      to receive early payment of their invoices from a bank (SAB, GIB and Rajhi Bank). Under the
      arrangement, the bank agrees to pay amounts due to suppliers participating in respect of invoices owed
      by the Group and the group repays the bank at a later date. The principal purpose of this arrangement
      is to facilitate efficient payment processing and provide the willing suppliers early payment terms,
      compared with the related invoice payment due date. The Group has not derecognised the original trade
      payables relating to the arrangement nor has the original liability been substantially modified on
      entering into the arrangement. From the group’s perspective, the arrangement does not significantly
      extend payment terms beyond the normal terms agreed with other suppliers that are not participating;
      however, the arrangement does provide willing suppliers with the benefit of early payment.
      Additionally, the group does not incur any additional interest towards the bank on the amounts due to
      the suppliers. The Group therefore includes the amounts subject to the arrangement within trade
      payables because the nature and function of these payables remains the same as those of other trade
      payables. There were no significant non-cash changes in the carrying amount of financial liabilities
      subject to supplier finance arrangements. Range of payment due dates:
      •   Trade payables subject to supplier finance arrangement (Any time upon request once the group
          receiving the goods) comparable trade payables (30 days after invoice date)
      •   For additional information about liquidity risk, see (note 43.2).


                                                        42
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
28.   PROVISIONS
      The movement of provisions is as follows:
                                                                             2025                    2024

      1 January                                                             423,305,127            197,175,347
      Provision during the year                                             465,481,120            226,129,780
                                                                            888,786,247            423,305,127

      The provision related to onerous contracts, which measured at the present value of the expected net cost
      of continuing with the contract, which is determined based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the
      obligation under the contract and an allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling the contract,
      considering the increase in the cost of metals prices. This calculation of the provision for all the group's
      products, except for some certain cables which the price of their metals is hedged.
29.   TREASURY SHARES
      On 14 Shawwal 1444H (corresponding to 4 May 2023), the Board of Directors proposed the purchase
      of a maximum 500 thousand shares of the company`s shares and allocate them to the long-term
      employees’ incentive share scheme. On 2 Dhul-Hijjah 1444H (corresponding to 20 June 2023), the
      Extraordinary General Assembly approved the Board of Directors' resolution that the purchase to be
      financed from the Group 's own resources using its cash balances or credit facilities, and the Board of
      Directors or its authorized representative shall be entitled to complete the purchase at the time and price
      it deems appropriate within a maximum period of 12 months from the date of the resolution of the
      Extraordinary General Assembly. The company holds the purchased shares for maximum period of 5
      years as of the date of the General Assembly’s approval in order to allocate them to qualified employees.
      After this period, the Group is committed to following the procedures and regulations stipulated in the
      relevant laws and regulations. On 14 September 2023, the Group purchased 282,500 shares at an
      average price of SR 74.1 each, at a cost of SR 21.1 million. The following is the number of outstanding
      shares at 31 December.
                                                                             2025                    2024

      Number of outstanding shares as at 1 January                          149,717,500            149,717,500
      Number of treasury shares acquired during the year                              -                      -
      Number of outstanding shares as at 31 December                        149,717,500            149,717,500

30.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS PROGRAM
      The group formulated the share-based payment program, and it was signed by the Group and the
      employees on 21 December 2023, which is the vesting date as of the beginning of 2023.
      Total No. of shares vested                                                                      283,300
      The average fair value per share on vesting date                                                SR 82,1
      Vesting date                                                                           31 December 2025
      Settlement method:                                                                               Equity
      In line with the launch of the long-term benefits plan, the management approved the policies and the
      related regulations. Moreover, it prepared a regular distribution plan within the framework of the long-
      term employee benefits plan over a period of three years. Based on the Group’s performance conditions,
      as of January 2023 to December 2025, the performance-related shares will be distributed in 2026.
      The shares to be settled for equity instruments were valued at their fair value on the date of vesting by
      applying the Discount for lack of Marketability Method (DLOM). This method takes into account the
      exercise price, the effect of any discounts (where applicable), the share price on the vesting date, the
      probability of vesting, and the expected price fluctuations of basic shares. As a result of this valuation,
      the fair value of share is determined to be at SR 82.1 as at 21 December 2023, based on the exercise
      price amounting to SR 89.90 and 95% vesting probability.

                                                          43
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
30.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS PROGRAM (CONTINUED)

      Total expenses related to the program for the period ended 31 December 2025 amounted to SR 5 million
      (31 December 2024 SR 8 million), which were included in the expenses items in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, with the amount recorded in the share-
      based payments reserve item under equity in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 2 share-based
      payments.

      The vesting period of the Group’s Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTI) ended on 31 December 2025. As at
      the reporting date, the related shares have not yet been settled. The settlement and distribution of the
      vested shares are subject to Board of Directors and/or any other required approvals and are expected to
      occurred during 2026.

31.   DEFERRED TAXES

      Significant deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized by the Group are as follows:

                                                     31 December 2025                 31 December 2024
                                                    Assets    Liabilities            Assets     Liabilities
      Fixed assets                                            -      251,585                    -   6,526,171
      Expected adjustments of inventory
      realizable value                                        -              -     1,920,337                -
      Employees’ benefits obligations                         -              -     1,354,516                -
      Provision for Impairment loss on trade
      receivables                                             -            -       1,844,045                -
      Provision for onerous contracts                         -            -       4,554,354                -
                                                              -      251,585       9,673,252        6,526,171


32.   ZAKAT AND INCOME TAX

      Zakat and Income Tax Status

      Riyadh Cables Group Company
      Riyadh Cables Group Company obtained the final Zakat and tax clearance certificate for the financial
      year ended 31 December 2024. The Company also submitted the Zakat and tax declaration and settled
      all Zakat and tax dues for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

      During 2025, Riyadh Cables Group (Closed Joint Stock Company) registered a group, and approval
      was granted by the Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority (ZATCA) to submit unified accounts for the
      parent company and all its subsidiaries within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, effective from
      12/05/1447H.( Corresponding to 3 November 2025).

      The approval covers all companies within the Group.

      During the period, the United Arab Emirates issued new legislation introducing the application of the
      minimum additional tax, which became effective on 1 January 2025. Consequently, the subsidiaries of
      Riyadh Cables Group operating in the United Arab Emirates will be subject to the minimum additional
      tax starting from 2025. Accordingly, on 31 December 2025, the Group recorded a provision amounting
      to SAR 7.9 million as a result of applying the minimum additional tax in the subsidiary.




                                                         44
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
32.   ZAKAT AND INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

      Provision For Zakat and Income Tax

      Movement in zakat and the provision for income tax as follows:

                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                          2025                2024

      1 January                                                           67,410,011             41,946,426
      On acquisition from Subsidiary                                         463,658
      Charged during the year                                            104,534,707             71,884,690
      Prior year adjustments                                                       -             (1,862,169)
      Payments made during the year                                      (73,300,355)           (44,558,936)
      Impact of foreign currency exchange translation differences               (135)                     -
      31 December                                                         99,107,886             67,410,011

33.   REVENUE

                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                          2025                2024
      Timing of revenue recognition
      Goods transferred at a point in time (*)                        10,450,786,755          8,689,119,832
      Contract revenue over time (**)                                    222,817,507            318,241,035
                                                                      10,673,604,262          9,007,360,867

      (*) The Group has a revenue recognition policy at a point in time where the goods are delivered and
      acknowledged by customers. or over time for cable installation projects where revenue is recognized
      based on the progress of work performed using the input method based on actual costs incurred.

      (**) The Group uses the input method for revenue recognition as it reliably reflects progress in cable
      installation projects based on actual costs incurred.

      The Group’s customer contracts generally require payment within 30 days to 90 days (2024: 30 days to
      90 days) from the date on which the related invoice is issued. These payment terms are consistent across
      the Group’s major revenue streams and do not include any financing components.

      The Group has assessed its customer contracts and, as at the reporting date, has no obligations related
      to sales returns, refunds, or customer warranties/guarantees.

      Revenue divided between segments as follows: -

                              Cables and            High voltage
       2025                      wires                 cables               Other                 Total
      Goods transferred at a
      point in time          10,414,170,668              8,021,674          28,594,413       10,450,786,755
      Contract revenue over
      time                                -           222,817,507                    -          222,817,507
      Total                  10,414,170,668           230,839,181           28,594,413       10,673,604,262




                                                        45
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
34.   COST OF REVENUE

                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025                2024

      Materials                                        8,486,925,677     7,310,471,233
      Salaries and employees' related benefits           244,608,394       228,705,610
      Depreciation expense- (note 9 & 13)                 76,378,976        59,642,035
      Repairs and maintenance                             44,775,450        42,796,717
      Utilities expenses                                  68,201,400        57,355,534
      Other                                               19,384,510        21,867,387
                                                       8,940,274,407     7,720,838,516

35.   SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025                2024

      Salaries and employees' related benefits           47,072,665          46,108,991
      Cargo charges                                      62,475,111          52,777,895
      Sales commission                                    4,429,244           4,479,619
      Quality testing expenses                            1,830,982           1,208,510
      Insurance expense                                   3,311,836           1,469,236
      Advertising and showrooms expenses                  7,854,327           8,899,884
      Depreciation expense - (note 9)                       516,254             437,585
      Communication expenses                                599,493             619,149
      Other expenses                                     10,289,776          11,901,604
                                                        138,379,688         127,902,473

36.   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025                2024

      Salaries and employees' related benefits          107,057,365         104,142,626
      Maintenance and repair expense                     13,327,250          12,296,252
      Bank Charges                                       18,399,052          13,380,658
      Depreciation expense- (note 9 & 10)                 8,500,407           8,564,241
      Legal and professional                              7,240,661           6,044,277
      Travel and insurance expense                        2,430,079           2,061,819
      Communications and network expense                  1,079,380             945,629
      Offices supplies expense                            1,295,725             962,572
      Other expenses                                     10,018,053           8,068,365
                                                        169,347,972         156,466,439

37.   OTHER INCOME

                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025                2024

      Revenue from sale of scraps                                 -           8,738,621
      Revenue from rentals                                  325,500             261,232
      Other                                               1,816,661           2,045,432
                                                          2,142,161          11,045,285


                                                 46
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
38.   OTHER EXPENSES

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025                2024

      Foreign currency exchange losses                                       2,941,484         16,835,214
      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                    7,356,001            324,919
      Others                                                                         -          2,693,301
                                                                            10,297,485         19,853,434

39.   FINANCE COSTS/ (FINANCE INCOME)

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025                2024

      Murabaha finance costs and returns for Banks                          68,835,398          84,378,537
      Interest on employees’ defined benefits obligations                    6,161,404           5,328,967
      Interest on lease liabilities                                            356,275             275,124
                                                                            75,353,077          89,982,628
      Interest income                                                       (1,199,082)         (2,315,929)
                                                                           (74,153,995)        (87,666,699)

40.   REPORTING SEGMENTS

      The Group’s activities include a number of sectors as follows: -

      •   Cables and wire segment: includes electrical cables
      •   High voltage cables segment: includes turnkey projects
      •   Other segments: includes telephone cables and services

      As at and for the                            High voltage
      year ended 31            Cables and         cables (turnkey
      December 2025              wires               projects)               Other              Total

      Revenue                 10,414,170,668          230,839,181             28,594,413    10,673,604,262
      Cost of revenue         (8,716,728,131)        (211,498,936)           (12,047,340)   (8,940,274,407)
      Expenses                  (304,288,876)          (1,776,120)            (1,662,664)     (307,727,660)
      Provision for
      Impairment loss on
      trade receivables         (153,781,655)            (686,182)             3,657,810      (150,810,027)
      Other expenses              (9,568,244)                   -               (729,241)      (10,297,485)
      Other income                         -            2,142,161                      -         2,142,161
      Net Finance
      costs/income                (75,347,965)          2,038,681              (844,711)       (74,153,995)
      Profit before Zakat
      and income tax           1,154,455,797           21,058,785            16,968,267      1,192,482,849
      Total assets             6,815,532,676          394,334,181            71,714,838      7,281,581,695
      Total liabilities        3,654,796,342          288,266,126            29,645,136      3,972,707,604




                                                        47
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
40.   REPORTING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

      As at and for the year                         High voltage
      ended 31 December                             cables (turnkey
      2024                   Cables and wires          projects)              Other             Total

      Revenue                     8,645,913,121        339,347,923            22,099,823     9,007,360,867
      Cost of revenue            (7,408,197,361)      (312,478,225)             (162,930)   (7,720,838,516)
      Expenses                     (281,393,063)        (1,329,339)           (1,646,510)     (284,368,912)
      Provision for
      Impairment loss on
      trade receivables            (14,694,793)          (5,545,151)          (3,186,047)      (23,425,991)
      Impairment losses of
      investment properties         (1,480,145)                  -                     -        (1,480,145)
      Other expenses               (19,595,158)                  -              (258,276)      (19,853,434)
      Other income                   10,743,993            301,292                     -        11,045,285
      Finance costs/ income        (86,755,170)           (157,030)             (754,499)      (87,666,699)
      Income before Zakat
      and income tax               844,541,424          20,139,470            16,091,561       880,772,455
      Total assets               5,381,715,601         353,698,959            76,169,538     5,811,584,098
      Total liabilities          3,019,596,338         142,028,844            26,082,020     3,187,707,202

      The information by geographical distribution is as follows:

      As at and for the period ended 31       Inside Kingdom          Outside Kingdom
      December 2025                           of Saudi Arabia          of Saudi Arabia         Total

      Revenue                                      7,811,724,664          2,861,879,598     10,673,604,262
      Total non-current assets                     1,358,834,586            392,180,678      1,751,015,264


      As at and for the period ended 31       Inside Kingdom of        Outside Kingdom
      December 2024                              Saudi Arabia           of Saudi Arabia        Total

      Revenue*                                     6,896,984,090          2,110,376,777       9,007,360,867
      Total non-current assets                     1,258,556,463            219,179,537      1,477,736,000

      * The majority of revenue generated outside KSA represents revenue from United Arab Emirates
      amounting to SR 2,2 billion. (2024: SR 1,7 billion)

      Revenue from a customer in the cables and wires segment represented 19% of the group’s total revenue
      as at 31 December 2025. (2024: 18%)




                                                         48
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
41.    EARNINGS PER SHARE – BASIC AND DILUTED

       Basic and diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the period attributable to the
       shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary and diluted shares
       outstanding during the year.

                                                                              2025                    2024

       Net profit for the year                                             1,080,396,042            816,689,852
       Weighted average number of shares                                     149,717,500            149,717,500
       Basic and diluted earnings per share                                         7.22                   5.45

       The diluted earnings per share does not differ significantly to the basic earnings per share for the year
       ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024. The calculation for the weighted average for ordinary
       shares and diluted shares explained below:

       Ordinary shares

                                                                              2025                    2024

       Outstanding ordinary shares                                           150,000,000            150,000,000
       Treasury shares                                                          (282,500)              (282,500)
       Weighted average of ordinary shares                                   149,717,500            149,717,500

       Diluted shares

                                                                              2025                    2024

       Weighted average number of ordinary shares                            149,717,500            149,717,500
       Impact of share options                                                   (97,279)               (97,279)
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
       purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share at the year
       end.                                                                  149,620,221            149,620,221

 42.   RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

       Related parties of the group consist of the shareholders having control or significant influence, key
       management personnel, and Companies which are directly or indirectly controlled or influenced by the
       shareholders, key management personnel. The transactions with related parties are made on terms
       approved by the Board of Directors of the Group. The Group and its related parties transact with each
       other in the ordinary course of business. The transactions and the balances between the group's
       companies have been eliminated by preparing these consolidated financial statements.




                                                           49
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
42.   RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
      Transactions with a related party that have been performed during the year, in the ordinary course of
      business, are summarized below:
                                             Nature of           Nature of
                                            relationship        transaction           2025           2024

                                            Owned by a
      Masdar Building Material              shareholder         Purchases          1,263,174        1,823,443
                                                                  Sales          110,423,359       65,690,538

                                            Owned by a
      Thabat Contracting Company            shareholder            Sales               107,400        160,530

                                            Owned by a
      Masdar Technical Supplies             shareholder         Purchases               32,674          75,250

                                            Owned by a
      Jadeer Logistics Services Co          shareholder         Purchases            12,468,992     7,661,626
      Gulf Int’l Contracting & Real         Owned by a
      Estate                                shareholder            Sales               376,537                -

      FUTURE CERAMIC &                      Owned by a
      PORCELAIN CO                          shareholder            Sales                20,791                -

                                 Owned by a                     Purchases                     -       300,150
      LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES Co. Ltd shareholder                      Sales                       -       480,700

      AFAQ AL HIKMA                     Owned by a
      DEVELOPMENT CO                     shareholder        Sales                       24,287        105,150
      JASMINE MEADOWS                   Owned by a
      AGRICURAL CO                       shareholder        Sales                       39,985        368,284
      Compensation and benefits to key management personnel

                                                                              2025                 2024

      Salaries and short-term benefits                                        13,700,764           13,198,564
      End-of-services benefits                                                   625,437              589,275
      Long term incentives plan                                                2,750,000            2,750,000
                                                                              17,076,201           16,537,839

      Balances due from / (to) related parties resulting from transactions with related parties are as follows:

      Due from related parties - classified as trade receivables              2025                 2024

      Masdar Building Material Company                                        18,065,414            1,733,691
      Expected credit losses                                                     (28,960)                   -
                                                                              18,036,454            1,733,691

      Due to related parties- classified as trade payables                    2025                 2024

      Masdar technical supplies                                                    8,050                1,042
      Thabat Contracting Company                                                 159,838               15,913
      Jadeer Logistics Services Co                                             1,510,816            1,952,113
      Masdar Building Material Company                                           242,107                    -
                                                                               1,920,811            1,969,068

                                                           50
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
43.1   Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly
       transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based on
       the assumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

       •   In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
       •   In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
       The Company uses appropriate valuation techniques with surrounding conditions for which sufficient
       data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of appropriate inputs that can be monitored
       and minimizing the use of inputs that cannot be monitored to the greatest extent possible.
       The measurement of the fair value of a non-financial asset takes into account the ability of the market
       participant to generate economic benefits by using the asset at its maximum and best use or by selling
       it to another market participant who may use the asset at its maximum and best use.
       All assets and liabilities whose fair values are measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
       classified in the fair value hierarchy. This is described as follows, based on the lowest input level that
       is important for the overall measurement:
       Level 1:Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be
               obtained at the measurement date.
       Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
               liabilities either directly (such as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
       Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
                (unobservable inputs).
       For assets and liabilities that are measured in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis,
       the Company determines whether transfers have been made between hierarchy levels by reassessing the
       classification (based on the lowest input level that is significant for the overall measurement) at the end
       of each reporting period.
       The Group is exposed to risks as a result of using financial instruments. The following explains the
       Company’s objectives, policies and operations to manage these risks and methods used to measure them
       in addition to quantitative information related to these risks in the accompanying financial statements.
       There were no significant changes that may expose the Company to financial instrument risks through
       its objectives, policies and operations to manage these risks and methods used that are different from
       what have been used in prior years unless otherwise indicated.

       •   The Company’s management considers the fair value for trade receivables, Islamic financing
            facilities, balances of related parties, trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities that
            approximate to their carrying amount due to short term financial instruments.

       •   Financial instruments are exposed to change in value risk as a result of changes in commission rates
           of the financial assets and liabilities with variable commission.

       •   The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial
           liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information
           for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a
           reasonable approximate of fair value.




                                                            51
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)
43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.1   Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
                                                                                        Carrying amount                                                    Fair value
                                                                                          Investments
                                                                                          at fair value
                                                                                         through other
                                                                              Hedging    comprehensiv
                                                                            instruments     e income                Total           Level 1          Level 2         Level 3         Total
       31 December 2025                                                                                                     In Saudi Riyals
       Financial Assets
       Derivative financial instruments                                     170,797,004                  -       170,797,004                   -    170,797,004               -    170,797,004
       Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                   -         10,369,799        10,369,799          10,357,658              -          12,141     10,369,799

       Financial liabilities
       Derivative financial instruments                                       38,068,228                  -       38,068,228                    -    38,068,228                -    38,068,228

       31 December 2024
       Financial assets
       Derivative financial instruments                                        5,040,118                 -         5,040,118                   -      5,040,118               -      5,040,118
       Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                    -        26,347,118        26,347,118          26,334,977              -          12,141     26,347,118

       Financial liabilities
       Derivative financial instruments                                       83,413,600                  -       83,413,600                    -    83,413,600                -    83,413,600

       Valuation technique and significant unobservable inputs
       Level 2 include derivative financial instruments "forwards commodity contracts". The Group relies on the counterparty for the valuation of these derivatives. The valuation techniques
       applied by the counterparties include the use of forward pricing standard models using present value calculations and mid-market valuations.

       The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring Level 3 fair valuess, as well as significant unobservable input used.
       Financial instruments measured at fair value
                                                                                                                  Significant           Inter-relationship between significant unobservable
               Type                                        Valuation approach                                 unobservable inputs                inputs and fair value measurement

                                  The average assessment weight for each is as follows:
                                  Discounted cash flows: The valuation model considers the present
                                  value of the net cash flows expected to be generated by the Company.
       Investments at fair        The cash flow projections include estimates for 5 years weighted at         Weighted average cost
       value through other        80%; and                                                                    of capital (“WACC”)       The estimated fair value would increase/ (decrease) if
       comprehensive income       Price-to-book value (P/B), Comparable (Similar companies)                   23.8%                     the weighted average cost of capital is (lower)/ higher.

                                                                                                 52
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management

       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, the most important of which are the risks
       listed below:

       •   Credit risk
       •   Liquidity risk
       •   Market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity risk)

       This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each of the above risks, Group's
       objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management of
       capital, in addition to the quantitative disclosures included in these consolidated financial statements.

       Risk management framework
       The Board of Directors is full responsible for the establishment and oversight of the group's risk
       management framework. The board of directors has established a Risk Management Committee, which
       is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies. The committee
       will report regularly to the board of directors on its activities.

       The Group’s current risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by
       the Group, so as to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and abide by limits.
       Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions
       and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and establishment of standards and
       procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees
       understand their roles and obligations.

       The audit committee of the Group oversees how management monitors compliance with the Company’s
       risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework
       in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The internal audit provide assistance to the audit committee
       of the Group in its control role. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk
       management controls and procedures, the results of which will be reported to the audit committee.

       Credit Risk
       Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument
       fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables and
       cash at banks. The Group’s significant credit risks are represented in the following:

       Trade Receivables
       The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
       customer. However, management takes into account the demographics of the Group's customer base,
       including the default risks for the industry and the country in which customers operate, as these factors
       may have an impact on credit risk, especially in current economic conditions. Geographically, there is
       no concentration of credit risk.

       The Group only transacts with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that
       all customers who wish to transact on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. Credit
       quality of the customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard. In addition, the
       receivables balances are continuously monitored, resulting in the Group being exposed to bad debts is
       not material.

       Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy,
       procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Credit limits are established for all
       customers using internal and external rating criteria. Credit quality of the customer is assessed based on
       an extensive credit rating scorecard. Outstanding customer receivables are monitored regularly.


                                                                   53
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)
       The Group establishes a provision for trade receivables impairment that represents its estimate of
       lifetime expected credit losses on trade receivables. The main components of this provision are a
       specific loss component that relates to significant exposures.
       One of the components of the allowance is specific loss component that relates to individually
       significant exposures individually, and other is collective loss component established for groups of
       similar assets in respect of losses that have been incurred but not yet identified. The collective loss
       provision is determined based on historical data of payment statistics for similar financial assets.
       The other categories of financial events do not result in significant credit risk.
       The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
                                                  31 December 2025                        31 December 2024
                                               Balance      Impairment                 Balance       Impairment

       Less than 30 days                   1,879,237,204                38,679,723   1,894,720,100     36,068,153
       More than 30 days and less
       than 60 days                            63,938,339               13,717,682     60,205,062      11,219,991
       More than 60 days and less
       than 90 days                          111,068,536              26,110,074        33,158,854      5,261,670
       More than 90 days                     693,747,002             184,168,311       146,683,170     59,315,949
       Total                               2,747,991,081             262,675,790     2,134,767,186    111,865,763

       Contract Assets
                                                  31 December 2025                         31 December 2024
                                               Balance      Impairment               Balance          Impairment

       Not due                                 51,913,996                        -     15,207,694                  -
       Total                                   51,913,996                        -     15,207,694                  -

       For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach of IFRS 9 to measure expected credit
       losses, which are used specifically for the expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at
       amortized cost.
       The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the following variables:

       •   Probability of default using a statistical model (i.e. normal distribution curve)
       •   GDP of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the rate of inflation and Saudi government spending, as
           variables of the macroeconomic, to calibrate the historical loss rate.
       •   The Group’s exposure to credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, contract assets and other
           current financial assets. The credit quality of these financial assets is assessed based on the
           customers’ credit profiles and historical payment patterns. The majority of balances relate to
           customers with no history of default.
       For cash at banks, cash and cash equivalents are deposited with banks with a credit rating of BBB- and
       higher. The Group regularly updates its cash flows. Customer credit risk is managed by each business
       unit subject to the Company’s established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk
       management. Credit limits are established for all customers using internal and external rating criteria.
       Outstanding customer receivables are monitored regularly.

       -   All cash and cash equivalents are classified under Stage 1 as they are held with reputable financial
           institutions and are considered to have low credit risk.



                                                                   54
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)
       Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk that the group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated
       with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The group's
       approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity
       to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stress conditions, without incurring unacceptable
       losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.
       The group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses,
       including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme
       circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. Furthermore, the Group
       maintains various credit alternatives.
       The table below summarizes the maturity terms of the Company’s financial liabilities based on
       contractual undiscounted payments:
                                             Less than 1                                                 Carrying
       31 December 2025                         year                 1-5 years       Over 5 years        amount

       Short-term Islamic finance
       facilities& Borrowing          585,175,559                       24,601,242                  -     609,776,801
       Trade and other payables       487,488,135                                -                  -     487,488,135
       Suppliers’ facilities- banks 1,096,671,959                                -                  -   1,096,671,959
       Lease liabilities                2,042,428                        9,396,988                  -      11,439,416
       Accrued expenses and other
       liabilities                    211,897,248                                -                  -    211,897,248
                                             2,383,275,329              33,998,230                  -    2,417,273,559

                                                                                                          Carrying
       31 December 2024                   Less than 1 year           1-5 years       Over 5 years         amount

       Short-term Islamic finance
       facilities                     438,925,012                                -                  -     433,053,112
       Trade payables                 164,402,300                                -                  -     164,402,300
       Suppliers’ facilities- banks 1,434,031,191                                -                  -   1,434,031,191
       Lease liabilities                1,138,457                        7,326,613                  -       7,392,487
       Accrued expenses and other
       liabilities                    189,560,448                                -                  -     189,560,448
                                    2,228,057,408                        7,326,613                  -   2,228,439,538

       Suppliers’ facilities- banks
       The group entered into an agreement (suppliers financing arrangements) with SAB, GIB and RAJHI
       Bank to obtain payment facilities for suppliers, and the total facility agreement concluded with the bank
       amounted to SR 2,2 billion.
       Supplier Finance agreements
       Qualitative information
       The Group has entered into an agreement with a bank under which the bank pays the full invoice amount
       directly to the supplier on the invoice date. The Group subsequently settles the amount with the bank
       within 30 days. Under this arrangement, the bank charges a commission, which is borne by the supplier
       and does not affect the Group. This arrangement does not result in any significant




                                                                   55
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)

       changes to the company's payment terms or financial liabilities, as the terms of payment remain
       consistent, and no additional costs are incurred by the Group.

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                  2025                   2024

       Carrying amount of financial liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                                   487,488,135           162,402,300
       suppliers have received payment from finance provider                    1,096,671,959         1,434,031,191

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                  2025                   2024
       Range of payment due dates
                                                                              Any time upon         Any time upon
                                                                             request once the      request once the
                                                                             group receiving      group receiving the
       Liabilities that are part of the arrangements                            the goods               goods
                                                                              30 days of the        30 days of the
       Trade payables that are not part of the arrangements                    invoice date          invoice date

       Market risk
       Market risk is the risk that potentially affect changes in market prices such as currency rates, interest
       rates and equity prices.

       The operations of some subsidiaries outside the Kingdom are exposed to additional risks represented
       by significant changes in currency rates, which may affect the Group’s income or the value of its
       holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control
       market risk exposures within acceptable standards, while optimizing the return.

       The Group enters into financial derivatives contracts to manage market risks. All these transactions are
       carried out within the guidelines set by the Board of Directors.

       The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales, purchases and borrowings that are denominated in a
       currency other than the respective functional currencies of Group, which is primarily Saudi Riyals.

       In respect of other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, the Group ensures
       that its net exposure is maintained to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot
       rates when necessary to address short-term imbalances.

       The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group to a reasonably possible change in the
       Saudi Riyals against Euro, and EGP by 5% higher or lower with all other variables held constant, of the
       Group's monetary assets and liabilities. There were no changes in other currency exchange rates as of
       31 December 2025.

                                                       Profit/(loss) through               Profit/(loss) through
                                                 statement of profit or loss and     statement of profit or loss and
                                                  other comprehensive income          other comprehensive income
                                                      for the year ended 31               for the year ended 31
                                                         December 2025                       December 2025
                                                     EGY sensitivity in SR               Euro sensitivity in SR
       Increase by 5%                                                     205,731                             575,445
       Decrease by 5%                                                    (205,731)                           (575,445)


                                                                   56
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)

                                                       Profit/(loss) through                       Profit/(loss) through
                                                 statement of profit or loss and             statement of profit or loss and
                                                  other comprehensive income                  other comprehensive income
                                                      for the year ended 31                       for the year ended 31
                                                         December 2024                               December 2024
                                                     EGY sensitivity in SR                       Euro sensitivity in SR

       Increase by 5%                                                          297,491                                 (98,696)
       Decrease by 5%                                                         (297,491)                                 98,696

       -   The foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting year, in SR, is as follows:

                                        2025                                                        2024
                                                                                                          Cash and Short-term
                                        Cash and    Credit                      Trade         Trade         cash       credit
                  Trade       Trade       cash     facilities                receivables     payables    equivalents facilities
                receivables payables equivalents Short-term
       USD      102,724,430 999,519,959 89,538,616 69,256,286                103,261,333 1,395,737,476 15,643,342 120,000,000
       Euro      19,854,796 9,447,860 1,101,966               -                5,942,995 11,127,482 3,210,558               -
       BD        19,201,761           -          -            -               11,989,190             - 1,459,548            -
       KWD       31,397,073 1,405,867 3,969,945               -               49,523,188     2,476,628 2,570,974            -
       AED      766,310,401 3,586,149 64,557,948              -              665,103,539 36,217,776 11,997,466              -
       EGP        2,508,263 1,767,263 3,373,612               -                1,496,640       456,431 4,909,613            -
       Other    512,100,764     913,883 4,996,722             -                        -       710,557    248,264           -

       Interest Rate Risk
       Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate,
       because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market
       interest rates relates primarily to loans with floating interest rate.

       To reduce volatility and increase predictability of interest expenses, the Group may use debt issuance
       or enter into simple financial derivatives such as interest rate swaps.

       The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in the interest rate market mainly due to loans. Loans at
       variable rates expose the Group to a change in cash flows as a result of changes in interest rates.

       The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in interest rates is as follows:

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025                2024

       Loans with variable interest rate                                                   609,776,801            433,053,112




                                                                   57
       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
       For the year ended 31 December 2025
       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

43.2   Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)

       Interest rate sensitivity

       A reasonably possible change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have
       increased (decreased) profits or losses by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other
       variables, especially the foreign exchange rate, remain constant.

                                                                                  Statement of profit or loss
                                                                             Increase by 100      Decrease 100
       31 December 2025                                                          points                Points

       Loans with variable interest rate                                           6,097,768           (6,099,729)

                                                                                   Statement of profit or loss
                                                                             Increase by 100        Decrease 100
       31 December 2024                                                           points                Points

       Loans with variable interest rate                                           4,330,531           (4,330,531)

       Commodity risk
       The Group is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations on the prices of various inputs to production
       including aluminum and copper. The Group manages some key elements of commodity price risk
       through the use of fixed-price forward contracts. Management monitors commodity price movements
       and assesses the potential impact of reasonably possible changes in commodity prices on the Group’s
       cost of production and profitability.

       A reasonably possible increase of 1% in the prices of copper and aluminum would have decreased
       profit, by SR 11.2 million.

       Additionally, a reasonably possible increase of 1% in the prices of copper and aluminum would have
       increased the provision for onerous contracts, which would have decreased profit, by SR 45.5 million.

       Climate change

       The Group is subject to climate change related risks. Greenhouse gas emissions associated with fuel
       and electricity consumption have an impact not only on the environment but also on Group’s financial
       bottom line. The Group developing a sustainability strategy, outlining how it will improve its energy
       performance, Also the Group published its sustainability report.

44.    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

       Risk Management
       Capital is equity attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective to the Group’s
       capital management is to support its business and maximize shareholder value.

       The policy of the Board of Directors is to maintain a strong capital base to maintain investor, creditor
       and market confidence and to sustain future development of the Company. The Group manages its
       capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of change in economic conditions.




                                                                   58
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

44.   CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
      The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital, which the Group defines as result from operating
      activities divided by adjusted total equity. The Board of Directors also monitors the level of dividends
      to shareholders. There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the year.
                                                                           2025                   2024

      Earning from operating activities                                                1,266,636,844          871,723,016
      Divided by: total equity                                                         3,308,874,091        2,623,876,896
      Return on the capital                                                                    38%                   33%
      Neither the Group nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.
      The Group’s net debt to total equity at the end of the reporting year was as follows:
                                                                            2025               2024

      Total liabilities                                                                3,972,707,604        3,187,707,202
      Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                   (236,043,009)         (90,672,725)
      Net debt                                                                         3,736,664,595        3,097,034,477
      Total equity                                                                     3,308,874,091        2,623,876,896
      Less: hedging reserve                                                             (137,740,329)         (17,304,578)
      Adjusted Equity                                                                  3,171,133,762        2,606,572,318
      Debt to equity ratio                                                                    117%                  118%
45.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      Capital commitments
      As at 31 December 2025, the Group has commitments of SR 170 million (31 December 2024: SR 131
      million) relating to capital expenditures for expansion works in the Group's factories.
      Contingent liabilities
      The contingent liabilities amounted to SR 1 billion (31 December 2024 SR 798.5 million) against bank
      facilities in the form of letters of credit and letters of guarantee obtained by the Group from several
      local banks in exchange for a fee or commission, and that these facilities do not have any collateral or
      cover provided by the bank.And those liabilities do not create an immediate liability unless the Group
      fails to fulfill its contractual obligations with the supplier.
46.   NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
      Set out below is summarized financial information for each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests,
      as follows:-
                                          Arabian Gulf          Egyptian Riyadh
                                          Company for           Cable Company
                                         Electrical Cables       for Electrical           Artikul Aziya
      2025                                     LLC                  Works                  Kabel LLC            Total
      Non-controlling interest
      percentage                                       51%                     51%                  49%
      Non-current assets                              2,215                  29,810           55,020,265        55,052,290
      Current assets                           111,759,447              9,440,785            169,612,585       290,812,817
      Non-current liabilities                      (306,968)                   (400)         (26,024,598)      (26,331,966)
      Current liabilities                     (110,968,140)             (9,457,683)          (71,092,677)     (191,518,500)

      Net assets                                   486,554                   12,512          127,515,575       128,014,641
      Net assets attributable to non-
      controlling interests                        248,143                    6,381           62,482,632        62,737,156


      Revenue                                  130,856,597              6,857,565             80,886,319       218,600,481
      Profit for the year                          287,940                676,106              7,986,440         8,950,486
      Profit attributable to non-
      controlling interests                        146,849                  344,814            3,913,356         4,405,019



                                                                  59
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

46.   NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

                                           Arabian Gulf                     Egyptian Riyadh
                                           Company for                      Cable Company
                                          Electrical Cables                  for Electrical
      2024                                      LLC                             Works             Total
      Non-controlling interest percentage              51%                              51%
      Non-current assets                                414                           34,884          35,298
      Current assets                            38,510,526                         8,880,250      47,390,776
      Non-current liabilities                       (26,637)                             (83)        (26,720)
      Current liabilities                      (38,755,519)                       (9,578,648)    (48,334,167)
      Net assets                                   (271,216)                        (663,597)       (934,813)
      Net assets attributable to non-
      controlling interests                        (138,320)                        (338,434)       (476,754)

      Revenue                                               104,838,683                    -     104,838,683
      Profit for the year                                       294,127               80,980         375,107
      Profit attributable to non-
      controlling interests                                      150,005              41,300         191,305

47.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      Memorandum of Understanding with the Syrian Sovereign Fund

      On 14 January 2026, Riyadh Cables Group Company entered into a memorandum of understanding
      with the Syrian Sovereign Fund relating to the operation, management, and development of Syrian
      Modern Cables Company, through a Group subsidiary (Riyadh Cables Company).

      The agreement provides for the rehabilitation, operation, and development of the Syrian Modern Cables
      Company’s plant, with a capital investment of SAR 60 million over the term of the agreement. The term
      of the agreement is 18 years from the signing date, renewable by mutual agreement of the parties.

      The parties agreed to implement the agreement in four main stages, with each stage having defined
      objectives, procedures, and key milestones. Progression to the next stage will occur only after assessing
      operational, technical, and financial aspects and receiving official approval from both parties.

      The parties also agreed to share annual profits or losses arising from the project between Riyadh Cables
      Company and the Syrian Sovereign Fund, with 40% to the Syrian Sovereign Fund. it is expected to
      commence during the year 2026.




                                                                  60
      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
      (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(CONTINUED)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

47.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

      Geopolitical developments

      The recent regional military escalations have triggered a high-risk conflict environment across the
      Gulf. The situation is still very fluid, and events can shift very quickly. The escalations have brought
      about additional uncertainties in the Group’s operating environment, including Group’s operations in
      UAE. With respect to financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, the potential
      financial reporting effects of the conflict are considered to be non-adjusting subsequent events after
      the reporting date.

       The Group has been closely monitoring the impact of the developments on the Group’s businesses
      and will take any necessary contingency measures, if required.

      As far as the Group’s businesses are concerned, and the events also resulted in increase in inputs prices
      which if sustained for prolonged period may result in existing deliveries and contracts become loss-
      making, As a result, depending on how the situation would evolve, the military escalations might result
      in reduced revenues , increased ECL charge, potential impairment of non-financial assets , and might
      result in a risk of failing to meet its obligations in the future by the Group. As the situation is fast
      evolving and fluid, the effect of the escalations is subject to significant levels of uncertainty, with the
      full range of possible effects unknown.


      Dividends

      On 26 Ramadan,1447H (corresponding to March 15, 2026), the company's Board of Directors held and
      and decided to recommend to the general assembly the distribution of cash dividends to the shareholders
      for the second half of the year 2025 by an amount of SR 336.8 m at SR 2.25 per share.

48.   APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been approved by the Board of Directors on
      23 Ramadan 1447H (corresponding to 12 March 2026).




                                                                  61
