      Riyadh Cables Group Company
       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
     Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended 31 December 2023
Together With Independent Auditor’s Report
                             RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                        (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
               Consolidated financial statements and independent auditor’s report
                                    As at 31 December 2023
                       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                             Pages

-   Independent Auditor’s Report                                                              1-5

-   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                               1

-   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                                   2

-   Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income                                       3

-   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                4

-   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                       5

-   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                           6 – 54
   KPMG Professional Services                                                                                                                              ‫كي بي إم جي لالستشارات المهنية‬
   Roshn Front, Airport Road                                                                                                                                                       ‫ طريق المطار‬،‫واجهة روشن‬
   P.O. Box 92876                                                                                                                                                                        92876 ‫صندوق بريد‬
   Riyadh 11663                                                                                                                                                                             11663 ‫الرياض‬
   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                                                                                                                                                            ‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬
   Commercial Registration No 1010425494                                                                                                                                        1010425494 ‫سجل تجاري رقم‬

   Headquarters in Riyadh
                                                                                                                                                                                   ‫المركز الرئيسي في الرياض‬




   Independent Auditor’s Report
   To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

   Opinion

   We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Riyadh Cables Group Company a Saudi Joint
   stock Company, (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated
   statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statements of profit or loss , other
   comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
   consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policies and other explanatory
   information.

   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
   the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and its consolidated financial
   performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting
   Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) that
   are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards and pronouncements issued by the Saudi
   Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants (“SOCPA”).

   Basis for Opinion

   We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing that are endorsed in the
   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s
   Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are
   independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
   (including the International Independence Standards) (the “Code”) that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi
   Arabia that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, and we have fulfilled our other
   ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of Conduct. We believe that the audit evidence we have
   obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

   Key audit matters

   Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
   of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
   our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
   not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




KPMG Professional Services, a professional closed joint stock company registered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, with paid-up capital of SAR 40,000,000. (Previously known as “KPMG Al Fozan & Partners Certified Public
  Accountants”.) A non-partner member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved

". ‫ المسماة سابقا ً "شركة كي بي إم جي الفوزان وشركاه محاسبون ومراجعون قانونيون‬،‫) لاير سعودي مدفوع بالكامل‬40,000,000( ‫ رأس مالها‬،‫ مسجلة في المملكة العربية السعودية‬،‫ كي بي إم جي لالستشارات المهنية شركة مهنية مساهمة مقفلة‬.
A non-partner member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All
                                                                                                                                                                                                          rights reserved.
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

Key audit matters


Revenue recognition

 Note (33) to the consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

 The Group applies IFRS 15 'Revenue from               Among other things, we performed the following
 contracts with customers'.                            procedures:

 The Group recognized revenue amounting to SR          •   Evaluated the appropriateness of the Group’s
 7.8 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023.          accounting policies relating to revenue
                                                           recognition, including those relating to
 Most revenues from the sale of goods are                  discounts and incentives, and assessed the
 recognized when the control over the product is           compliance with the applicable accounting
 transferred to the customer upon actual delivery.         standards.
 Contract revenue is recognized over time using
 percentage of completion, which is measured           •   Assessed the design and implementation and
 based on comparing the actual cost incurred to            tested the operational effectiveness of internal
 date to estimated total cost of each contract.            control related to revenue recognition.

 Revenue is considered one of the significant          •   Inquired      from     the       management
 indicators for measuring the performance of the           representatives regarding fraud awareness
 Group, resulting in inherent risks through the            and the existence of any actual fraud cases.
 possibility of recognizing revenue at more than its
 actual value.                                         •   Assessed the management’s estimates
                                                           related to effect of using judgments and
 Revenue recognition was considered as a key               assumptions to the revenue recognition and
 audit matter due to the materiality of the revenue        revenue due for the year.
 amount and the risks inherent to the overstatement
 of the revenue amount, which may have a material
                                                       •   Performed analytical procedures, including
                                                           margin analysis for sales compared with the
 impact on the Group's consolidated financial
                                                           prior year, and obtained explanations to any
 statements.
                                                           significant changes.

                                                       •   Tested the reliability and integrity of
                                                           customers' master data and sales with the
                                                           data provided to us.

                                                       •   Tested a sample of journal entries relating to
                                                           revenue accounts and vouched them to the
                                                           underling supporting documents.

                                                       •   Performed procedures on the timing of
                                                           revenue recognition from sales after the
                                                           products were delivered to the customers and
                                                           recorded during the correct accounting period.

                                                       •   Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures
                                                           presented by the management in the
                                                           consolidated financial statements.




                                                       2
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

Key audit matters (continued)


Impairment of trade receivables

Note (16) to the consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

 As at 31 December 2023, the gross trade              Among other things, we performed the following
 receivables amounted to SR 1.3 billion, against      procedures:
 which a provision for impairment of SR 88.4          •   Evaluated the design and implementation and
 million was being maintained.                            tested the operational effectiveness of the internal
                                                          controls related to trade receivables, which also
 In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9            includes the account for impairment losses of
 ‘Financial Instruments’, the Group has applied           trade receivables.
 the expected credit loss model to account for
 the impairment of trade receivables.                 •   Assessed the methodology, assumptions, and
                                                          estimates used by management in preparing the
                                                          expected credit loss model, including the
 The application of the expected credit loss              assessment of future projections.
 model to account for the impairment of trade
 receivables was considered a key audit matter,       •   Assessed the completeness and accuracy of the
 as the determination of the impairment of trade          aging report of trade receivables.
 receivables using the expected credit loss
 model includes significant judgments and             •   Involved our specialists to test the key assumptions
 estimates that might have a material impact on           used by management and assess the
 the consolidated financial statements of the             reasonableness of the estimates used to determine
 Group.                                                   impairment losses against trade receivables.

                                                      •   Sent confirmations for a sample of trade
                                                          receivables and checked a sample of the
                                                          subsequent period collections up to the date of
                                                          approval of the consolidated financial statements.

                                                      •   Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures presented
                                                          by the management in the consolidated financial
                                                          statements




                                                          3
Independent auditor’s report (continued)
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s
report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read the annual report, when made available to us, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards and pronouncements issued by the
Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants (“SOCPA”), the applicable requirements of
the Regulations for Companies, Group’s By-Laws and for such internal control as management determines
is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance, Board of Directors, are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) that are endorsed in the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing that are endorsed in the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

 •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                                          4
Independent auditor’s report (continued)
To the Shareholders of Riyadh Cables Group Company

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

 •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

 •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by management.

 •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, then we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor`s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
     to continue as a going concern.

 •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

 •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit of Riyadh Cables Group Company and its subsidiaries.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor`s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


KPMG Professional Services




Fahad Mubark Al Dossari
License No. 469

Riyadh, 3 Ramadan 1445H
Corresponding to: 13 March 2024




                                                           5
                            RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                          Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

1- REPORTING ENTITY
  Riyadh Cables Group Company (“the Company”) was formed as a Saudi Joint Stock Company in
  accordance with the Regulations for Companies in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“KSA”). The
  Company operates under Commercial Registration No. 1010052927 issued on 24 Jumada’ II
  1435H (corresponding to 24 April 2014). The Company operates under Industrial License No.
  396/R dated 12 Jumada’ II 1416H (corresponding to 25 November 1995) amended by Industrial
  License No. 36/R dated 5 Muharram 1418H (corresponding to 12 May 1997) amended by
  Industrial License No. 2572 dated 16 Rajab 1434H (corresponding to 26 May 2013). The
  Company’s registered office is located at Second Industrial Area, P.O. Box 26862 Riyadh 11496,
  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
 The principal activities of the Group include the production of isolated and non-isolated cables
 made from copper as well as aluminum.
  On 17 October 2022, the Capital Market Authority (“CMA”) announced the approval of the request
  of the Riyadh Cables Group Company to register its shares and offer 33 million shares for public
  subscription in the main market. On 22 November 2022, the shares to be offered represent 22% of
  the Company’s total shares amounting to 150 million shares.

  The Company was listed in Tadawul on 19 December 2022.

  The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
  subsidiaries listed below (collectively referred to as the “Group”).
                                                                                            Ownership interest held
                                                                                            by the Group (directly or
                                                                                                   indirectly)
                                                                          Country of
 Subsidiary                                       Legal form             Incorporation         2023         2022
  1- Saudi Modem Company for Metals,
     Cables and Plastic Industry and its A Closed Joint Stock          Kingdom of
     subsidiaries listed below:          Company                       Saudi Arabia           100%          100%
                                         Limited Liability
    1.1 Qatar Cables Company LLC         Company                       Qatar                   50%          50%
     1.2 Arabian Gulf Company for        Limited Liability
     Electrical Cables LLC               Company                       Kuwait                  49%          49%
                                         Limited Liability
   1.3 Gulf Company Electrical Works Company                           Oman                   100%          100%
    1.4 Egyptian Riyadh Cable Company Joint Stock Company
        for Electrical Works             (E.S.C)                       Egypt                   49%          49%

  2- Saudi Modern Company For
     Specialized Wires And Cables         A Closed Joint Stock         Kingdom of
     Industry                             Company                      Saudi Arabia           100%          100%

  3- Saudi Modern Company for             A Closed Joint Stock         Kingdom of Saudi
     Telephone Cables Industry            Company                      Arabia                 100%          100%

  4- Riyadh Cables Company and its      A Closed Joint Stock      Kingdom of Saudi
     subsidiaries listed below:         Company                   Arabia                      100%          100%
                                        A single shareholder
  4.1 National Cables Industry Company limited liability company UAE                          100%          100%
  4.2 Alrowad Company for Production of A single shareholder
      Electrical Cables Limited (*)     limited liability company Iraq                        100%          100%
  4.3 Iraqi National Company for Cables A Limited Liability
      Industry                          Company                   Iraq                        100%          100%

  5- Saudi Modern Company for Cables      Limited Liability            Kingdom of Saudi
     Limited                              Company                      Arabia                 100%          100%

                                                       6
                             RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                        (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                              For the year ended 31 December 2023
                       (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

1- REPORTING ENTITY (CONTINUED)

  Information About Subsidiaries:

  *Alrowad Company for Production of Electrical Cables Limited
  On 31 August 2017, National Cables Industry Company (a subsidiary of Riyadh Cables
  Company) acquired 100% of interest in Alrwoad Company for Production of Electrical Cables
  Limited in Iraq owned by "Abdul Qadir Al Muhaidib & Sons Company” (a Shareholder of the
  Company). The net assets of Alrwoad Company for Production of Electrical Cables Limited at the
  acquisition date was higher than the cash consideration, and a reserve was recognized as a result
  of the acquisition process amounting to SR 22,7 million in the consolidated statement of changes
  in equity.

2- BASIS OF PREPARATION AND STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
  Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting
  Standards”) that are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“KSA”) and other standards and
  pronouncements endorsed by the Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional Accountants
  (“SOCPA”) and the applicable requirements of the Regulations for Companies and the
  Company’s By-Laws.

3- BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis and the
  going concern concept, except for the following:

   •   Employees’ defined benefits obligations that have been actuarially evaluated and measured
       at the present value using the projected unit credit method.
   •   Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
   •   Measuring derivative financial instruments at fair value.

4- FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY
  These consolidated financial statements are presented in Saudi Riyals (SR) which is the functional
  and presentation currency of the Group. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest SR, unless
  otherwise indicated.
5- BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

  Subsidiaries

  The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is
  transferred to the Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at
  fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually
  for impairment. Impairment losses are immediately recognized in profits or losses.
  Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. Control is achieved when the Group has rights
  to the returns, and its involvement in the investee has the ability to affect those returns through its
  control over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group
  has all the following:
   •   Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the ability to direct the activities of
       the investee);
   •   Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement in the investee; and
   •   The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.


                                                        7
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)


5   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

    Subsidiaries (continued)

    Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this
    presumption, and when the Group has less than the majority of the voting rights of an investee,
    the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has control over
    the investee, including:

    - The contractual arrangements with the other holders of the voting rights of the investee;
    - Rights arising from other contractual arrangements. and
    - The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.
    The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
    that there are changes in one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a
    subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
    loses control over the subsidiary. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
    control is transferred to the Group and deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
    The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group.
    When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
    accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

    Accounting for Business Combinations Involving Entities or Businesses Under Common
    Control
    Accounting for business combinations involving entities or businesses under common control is
    outside the scope of IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”. In the case of an absence of specific
    guidance in IFRS, management uses its judgement in developing and applying an accounting
    policy that is relevant and reliable. In making that judgement, the management may also consider
    the most recent pronouncements of other standard-setting bodies that use a similar conceptual
    framework to develop accounting standards, to the extent that these do not conflict with the IFRS
    Framework or any other IFRS or Interpretations.

    Several such bodies have issued guidance, and some allow the pooling of interests’ method in
    accounting for business combinations involving entities under common control.

    The management has adopted the pooling of interest method to account for the business
    combinations of entities under common control. This method involves the following:

    -   The assets and liabilities of the combining entities are reflected at their carrying amounts (no
        fair valuation).
    -   No new goodwill is recognized as a result of combination. And if there is goodwill arising
        from the difference between the consideration paid and the equity acquired it is reflected
        directly in the equity.
    -   The consolidated statement of profit or loss of the combining entities reflects the results of the
        full year irrespective of when the combination took place.

    Non – controlling interest (“NCI”)

    NCIs are measured initially at their proportionate share of the acquirer’s identifiable net assets at
    the date of acquisition.
    Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted
    for as equity transactions


                                                         8
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)



5    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

     Accounting for Business Combinations Involving Entities or Businesses Under Common
     Control (continued)
                                                                                                      (c




     The share of profits or losses and the net assets that the Group does not control if they exist is
     presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and within equity in the
     consolidated statement of financial position. If the Group retains any interest in the previous
     subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair value at the date when control is lost.

     Loss of Control

     When the Group loosing control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the
     subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
     recognized in the statement of profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is
     measured at fair value when control is lost.
     Transactions eliminated on consolidation

     Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between Group
     companies are eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed, where necessary, to
     ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
6-   NEW STANDARDS, AMENDMENTS TO STANDARDS, AND INTERPRETATIONS

     There have been no new standards issued. However, there are a number of amendments to
     standards that are effective from 1 January 2023 which did not have a material impact on the
     financial statements.

      Effective for
      annual periods
                           New Standards and Amendments
      beginning on or
      after
                           IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, including amendments to initial application
                           of IFRS 17
                           Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to IAS 8 “Accounting
                           Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors”.
      1 January 2023       Disclosure Initiative: Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1
                           “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IFRS Practice Statement 2
                           “Making Materiality Judgements.”
                           Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single
                           Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes.
     23 May 2023           International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules- Amendments to IFRS
                           12

     Standards that have been issued but effective for the periods beginning after 1 January 202 4 with
     early adoption allowed for the periods as of 1 January 2023 are listed below:




                                                          9
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

6    NEW STANDARDS, AMENDMENTS TO STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
     (CONTINUED)

     The Group has not early adopted the new standerds or amendments to new IFRSs that have been
     issued:
       Effective for annual
       periods beginning on or New Standards and Amendments
       after
                                  Classification of liabilities as current or non-current - Amendments
       1 January 2024             to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements”
                                  Lease liabilities in sales and lease back amendments to IFRS 16
                                  Supplier Finance Arrangements- Amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 7
       1 January 2025             Lack of exchangeability - Adoption of adjustments to IAS 21
       Available for optional     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
       adoption/ effective date   Associate or Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28)
       deferred indefinitely

7-   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICES

     The Group has consistently applied the following accounting policies to all periods presented in
     these consolidated financial statements unless otherwise stated. Further, the Group adopted the
     Disclosure of Accounting Policies (amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2) from 1
     January 2023. Amendments require disclosure of “material” rather than “significant”accounting
     policies. Although the amendments did not result in any changes in the accounting policy itself,
     they did affect the accounting policy information that was disclosed in certain cases.

     Current versus non-current classification
     The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based
     on current/non-current classification. Assets are classified as current when:

     •    expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle;
     •    held primarily for the purpose of trading;
     •    expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period;
     •    Cash and cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle liabilities
          for at least twelve months after the reporting period date.

     All other assets are classified as non-current.
     A liability is current when:
     •    It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle,
     •    it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
     •    it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period;
     •    there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve
          months after the reporting period.

     The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
     Property, Plant and Equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of any accumulated depreciation and
     accumulated impairment losses, if any. Lands and projects in progress are stated at cost less any
     accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes all amounts necessary for bringing the asset
     to the present condition and location to be ready for its intended use by management. Such cost
     includes the cost of replacing part of the property, plant and equipment if the recognition criteria
     are met, as well as costs incurred during the pre-operating period, less proceeds from sale of
     experimental production.

                                                          10
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

    When parts of property, plant and equipment are significant in cost compared with total cost of
    asset, and when these parts/components have useful lives different from other parts and required
    to be replaced at intervals, the Group has to recognize such parts as individual assets with specific
    useful lives and depreciates them accordingly. Likewise, when a major repair is performed
    (planned or unplanned), its cost is recognized in the carrying amount of the property, plant and
    equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. This is recorded as a separate
    part with a useful life equal to the period up to the upcoming planned overhaul. The carrying
    amount of the replaced part is written-off. In case the upcoming repair is made before the planned
    date, any outstanding carrying amount for previous repair is recorded as an expense. Other repair
    and maintenance costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.

    Depreciation is calculated from the date for which assets are available for their intended use. Self-
    constructed assets are from the date of completing such assets and be ready for their intended use.
    Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
    lives as follows:

    Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the assets as
    follows:
                                                              Expected useful
                                                               life (the years)
    Buildings                                                       20 - 25
    Plant and equipment                                             20 - 30
    Strategic spare parts                                              10
    Motor vehicles                                                      4
    Furniture & fixtures                                             4 - 10
    Tools                                                               5
    Laboratory equipment                                               10
    Computers                                                          10

    Lands and projects in progress are not depreciated. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and
    methods of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted prospectively if required , at end of each year.

    Any item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when it is unlikely that
    any future economic benefits will arise from the continuing use of the assets. Profits and losses
    resulting from disposal of property, plant and equipment that are retired, sold or unrecognized are
    identified by comparing the proceeds with carrying amount of an asset and are recognized under
    “other income, net” in the statement of profit or loss.

    An asset’s carrying amount is written-down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
    carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
    Intangible assets

    Intangibles assets are initially recognized at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment
    losses, if any. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognized as an expense as
    and when incurred.
    Amortization is charged to statement of profit or loss by applying the straight-line basis whereby
    the carrying amount of an asset is amortized over its estimated useful life to the Company unless
    such life is indefinite. The estimated useful life of intangible assets (computer software) is 15 years.


                                                        11
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
    The Company accounts for impairment, where indications exist, by reducing the asset’s carrying
    amount to the recoverable amount.

    Investment in a joint venture
    A joint venture is an arrangement where two or more parties have joint control. The joint
    operations are divided into projects or joint operations based on related rights and obligations. Joint
    control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when
    decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
     Based on the Group’s assessment of control, interests in joint ventures are recognized using the
    equity method, and are initially recognized at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to
    initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or
    loss and OCI of equity accounted investees, until the date on which joint control ceases.

    Investment Properties
    Investment properties are non-current assets held either to earn rental income or for a capital
    appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business. Investment properties is
    measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently at cost less accumulated depreciation and
    impairment losses, if any.
    Investment properties are derecognized when they are sold, owner-occupied or in case of not
    holding it for increase in its value.
    Any gain or loss on disposal of investment properties (calculated as the difference between the net
    proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognized in the statement of
    profit or loss. When investment properties that were previously classified as property and
    equipment are sold, any related amount included in the revaluation reserve is transferred to retained
    earnings.
    Expenses incurred for replacing component of investment properties items, which are accounted for
    separately are capitalized, and carrying amount of replaced component is written off. Subsequent
    expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the item
    of the related investment properties. All other expenses are recognized in the statement of profit or
    loss when incurred.

    Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
    An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
    recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the highest of an asset’s fair value less cost of
    disposal and value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
    levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the
    cash inflows from assets or group of other assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets that
    have been impaired are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment loss at the end of each
    reporting period.

    Foreign Currencies
    Transactions and Balances
    Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded by the Group’s entities denominated in the
    functional currency of each of them according to the exchange rate prevailing on the date when the
    transaction becomes qualified for recognition for the first time. Monetary assets and liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at
    the reporting date.

                                                        12
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Foreign Currencies (continued)
    Transactions and Balances (continued)

    The differences arising on the settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the
    consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the Group.

    Non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are
    translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the initial transaction.

    Conversion of the financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries

    The results and financial position of foreign operations that have a functional currency different
    from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

    • Items of assets and liabilities presented for each statement of financial position are translated at
      the closing rate at the date of statement of financial position.
    • Revenues and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
      transferred at the average exchange rates (unless the average rate does not nearly reasonably
      represent the effect of the accumulated exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in
      which case the income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates on the transaction
      dates);
    • All currency exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

    Inventory
    Inventory includes raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, supplies and spare parts that
    are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Work in progress and finished goods
    inventory include direct materials, direct labors and an appropriate proportion of fixed and variable
    indirect expenses.
    Costs are assigned to items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased
    inventory are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realizable value is considered
    as the estimated selling price in ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to completion and
    the estimated costs necessary to complete the sale.

    Financial instruments

    Recognition and Initial Measurement
    Trade receivables issued are initially recognized when they are originated. All other financial assets
    and financial liabilities are initially recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
    provisions of the instrument.

    A financial asset (unless it is a receivable without a significant financing component) or financial
    liability is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss
    (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Trade
    receivables without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

    Financial Assets

    Classification of Financial Assets
    On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as: measured at amortized cost, fair value
    through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL).



                                                        13
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Financial Assets (continued

    A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions are met:

    a) The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in
       order to collect contractual cash flows; and
    b) The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
       solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

    A financial asset shall be measured at FVTOCI if both of the following conditions are met:

    a) The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
       collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
    b) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
       solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

    A financial asset shall be measured at FVTPL unless it is measured at amortized cost or at
    FVTOCI.

     Financial Assets                                        IFRS 9 classification
     Cash and bank balances                                  at amortized cost
     Trade receivables                                       at amortized cost
     Other non-current assets                                at amortized cost

    Subsequent measurement

    The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets:

     These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net profit and loss                  Financial assets at
     including interest revenue and dividends are recognized in the                                        FVTPL
     consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the                         Financial assets at
     effective interest rate method. Amortized value is reduced by                                 amortized cost
     impairment losses. Interest revenue, foreign exchange gains and losses
     and impairment are recognized in the statement of income. Any gain or
     loss on derecognition of an investment is recognized in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss.
     Subsequently measured at fair value. Interest revenue calculated using                       Financial assets
     the effective interest rate method, foreign exchange gains and losses and                     through other
     impairment are recognized in profit or loss. Other net profits and losses                    comprehensive
     are recognized in OCI. On derecognition, accumulated profits and losses                        income (debt
     in OCI are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.                        investments)

     These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are                          Financial assets
     recognized as income in profit or loss. Any profit or loss on                                  through other
     derecognition or recognition of investment is recognized in equity, and                       comprehensive
     may not be reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.                 income (investments
                                                                                                         in equity
                                                                                                     instruments)




                                                        14
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     Reclassifications
     Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except in the period after
     the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.

     Derecognition
     A financial asset is derecognized when:
     • The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
     • The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
       obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
       ‘pass-through’ arrangement, and either:
         (a) The Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
         (b) The Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
             asset but has transferred control of the asset.
     Impairment of financial assets
     IFRS 9 impairment requirements use more forward-looking information to recognize expected
     credit losses – the ‘expected credit loss (ECL) model’. That replaces IAS 39’s ‘incurred loss
     model’. Instruments within the scope of the new requirements included loans and other debt-type
     financial assets measured at amortized cost and FVTOCI, trade receivables, contract assets
     recognized and measured under IFRS 15 and loan commitments and some financial guarantee
     contracts (for the issuer) that are not measured at FVTPL.

     Recognition of credit losses is no longer dependent on the Group first identifying a credit loss
     event. Instead, the Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and
     measuring expected credit losses, including past events, current conditions, reasonable and
     supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of the
     instrument.

     In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

     •    financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial
          recognition or that have low credit risk (‘Stage 1’) and
     •    financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial
          recognition and whose credit risk is not low (‘Stage 2’).

    ‘Stage 3’ would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting
    date.

    ‘12-month expected credit losses’ are recognized for the first category while ‘lifetime expected
    credit losses’ are recognized for the second category. Measurement of the expected credit losses is
    determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the financial
    instrument.

    Presentation of Impairment

    Loss provisions for financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying
    amount of the assets.

    Impairment losses related to receivables from customers are presented separately in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.



                                                          15
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Presentation of Impairment (continued)

    Expected credit loss assessment for trade and other receivables
    The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach in measuring expected credit losses which uses
    a lifetime expected credit losses provision.

    The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of receivables over a period of 12 months
    before each reported period and corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this
    period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
    macroeconomic factors affecting the ability the customers to settle the receivables.

    The Group has identified GDP of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, inflation rate and Saudi government
    spending (the country in which it renders the services) to be the most relevant factor, and
    accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

    The expected loss approach breaks the total loss amount modelling into following parts: probability
    of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”), exposure at default (“EAD”). These are briefly
    described below:

    Loss given default (LGD): This is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the
    difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to
    receive, including from any collateral. It is usually expressed as a percentage of the EAD.

    Probability of default (PD): the likelihood of a default over a particular time horizon.

    Exposure At Default (EAD): This is an estimate of the exposure at a future default date, taking
    into account expected changes in the exposure after the reporting date, including repayments of
    principal and interest, and expected drawdowns on committed facilities.

    The Group uses a point in time PD model to measure its impairment on financial assets. Point-in-
    time PD models incorporate information from a current credit cycle and assess risk at a point-in-
    time.

    The point-in-time PD term structure can be used to measure credit deterioration and starting PD
    when performing the provision calculations. Also, when calculating lifetime expected credit losses,
    after the inputs are correctly converted, cash flows can be projected and gross carrying amount,
    loss provision, and amortized cost for the financial instrument are then calculated.

    Macroeconomic weighted average scenarios

    The Group includes macroeconomic factor of GDP to develop multiple scenarios, the purpose is
    towards the realization of most likely outcome using worst and best case scenarios. The scenario-
    based analysis includes forward-looking information into the impairment estimation using multiple
    forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios. The estimate of expected credit losses reflects an
    unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
    outcomes.

    After the inputs to the model are adjusted for above mentioned macroeconomic scenarios, PD of
    each scenario is calculated and then weighted average PD based on likelihood of scenarios is
    calculated. In the last step, a weighted average lifetime ECL based on the likelihood of the
    scenarios is determined.



                                                        16
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Presentation of Impairment (continued)

    Definition of default
    In the above context, the Group considers default when:

    •      the customer is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by
           the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or
    •      The customer is more than 360 days past due on any material credit obligation to the Group.
           As the industry norm suggests that such a period fairly represents default scenario for the
           Group, this rebuts the presumption of 90 days mentioned in IFRS 9.

    The carrying amount of the asset is reduced using the above model and the loss is recognized in the
    consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Receivables, together with the associated
    provision are written off when there is no realistic prospect of future recovery and all collateral has
    been realized or has been transferred to the Group. If, in a subsequent year, the amount of the
    estimated impairment loss increases or decreases because of an event occurring after the
    impairment was recognized, the previously recognized impairment loss is increased or reduced. If a
    write-off is later recovered, the recovery is recognized under other revenues in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss.

    Specific provision
    Specific provision is recognized for each customer separately at each reporting date. The Group
    recognizes specific provision against receivables from certain customers. Provisions are reversed
    only when the outstanding amounts are recovered from the customers.
    Write-off
    The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent
    that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines
    that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows
    to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

    Financial Liabilities

    All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and
    borrowings, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

    The Group’s financial liabilities mainly include trade and other payables, accrued expenses, other
    current liabilities, Islamic finance facilities and due to related parties.

    After initial recognition, loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using
    the effective interest rate method.

        Financial liabilities                                         IFRS classification
        Trade payables                                                at amortized cost
        Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                at amortized cost
        Islamic finance facilities                                    at amortized cost

    Derecognition

    The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or
    cancelled or expired.




                                                          17
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Financial Liabilities (Continued)

    Modifications of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
    If the terms of a financial asset are modified, the Group evaluates whether the cash flows of the
    modified asset are substantially different. If the cash flows are substantially different, then the
    contractual rights to cash flows from the original financial asset are deemed to have expired. In this
    case, the original financial asset is derecognized and a new financial asset is recognized at fair
    value.

    If the cash flows of the modified asset carried at amortized cost are not substantially different, then
    the modification does not result in derecognition of the financial asset. In this case, the Group
    recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset and recognizes the amount adjusting
    the gross carrying amount as modification gain or loss in the consolidated statement of profit or
    loss.

    Financial Liabilities
    The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
    modified liability are substantially different. In this case, new financial liabilities based on the
    modified terms are recognized at fair value. The difference between the carrying amount of the
    financial liability distinguished and the new financial liability with modified terms is recognized in
    the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    Financial Derivatives
    The Group maintains financial instruments to hedge its exposure related to commodity price. On
    initial designation of the hedge, the Group formally documents the relationship between the
    hedging instrument(s) and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy
    in undertaking the hedge transaction, together with the methods that will be used to assess the
    effectiveness of the hedging relationship.

    At the inception of the hedge relationship and on an ongoing basis, the Group makes an assessment
    to identify whether the hedging instrument is expected to be “highly effective” in offsetting the
    changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items during the period for which the hedge is
    determined.

    The transaction should be highly probable, whether the actual results of each hedge are within the
    scope of the risk management policy and for the cash flow hedge of the expected transaction.

    Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value, and attributable transaction costs are recognized in
    profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair
    value, and changes there in are accounted for as shown below.

    Cash Flow Hedge
    When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of the
    changes in the fair value of the defined and qualified derivatives is recognized as changes in
    cashflows hedges in other comprehensive income, and is accumulated in the hedging reserve in
    equity. The profit or Loss related to ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the
    consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged
    item affects profit or loss (e.g. when the expected sale of the hedged item occurs). The profit or loss
    related to the effective portion of the value of the commodity is recognized in the statement of
    profit or loss under “Cost of revenue”.


                                                        18
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Cash Flow Hedge (continued)

    However, when the expected transaction that has been hedged results in recognition of a non-
    financial asset (for example, inventory), the amounts accumulated are transferred from equity and
    included in the initial cost measurement. Ultimately, the amounts accumulated are recognized in
    the cost of inventory.

    Upon expiration, termination, sale, or transacting the hedge instrument, or when the hedge no
    longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively.
    When hedge accounting for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount accumulated remains
    within equity and is recognized when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognized in profit or
    loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the profit or loss accumulated that
    was recognized in equity is transferred to the consolidated statement of profit or loss under
    “Revenue or Cost of Revenue.”

    Other derivatives

    When a financial instrument is not classified as a qualifying hedging relationship, all changes in its
    fair value are recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    Offset of financial instruments

    Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the
    consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset
    the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realize the assets and
    settle the liabilities simultaneously.

    Non-current assets classified as held for sale are presented separately and are measured at the lower
    of their carrying amounts immediately prior to their classification as held for sale and their fair
    value less costs to sell. However, some held for sale assets such as financial assets, continue to be
    measured in accordance with the Group’s relevant accounting policy for those assets. Once
    classified as held for sale, the assets are not subject to depreciation or amortization.

    Any gain or loss arising from the sale of a discontinued operation or its remeasurement to fair value
    less costs to sell is presented as part of a single line item, profit or loss from discontinued
    operations.

    Cash and cash equivalents
    For the purpose of presentation of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
    equivalents include cash on hand, bank balances, short-term deposits, call deposits and other short-
    term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily
    convertible to known amounts of cash, and which are not subject to significant risk of changes in
    value.

    Fair value measurement

    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly
    transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based
    on the assumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
    - In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
    - In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.



                                                         19
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Offset of financial instruments (continued)

    Fair value measurement (continued)
    The Company uses appropriate valuation techniques with surrounding conditions for which
    sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of appropriate inputs that can
    be monitored and minimizing the use of inputs that cannot be monitored to the greatest extent
    possible.
    The measurement of the fair value of a non-financial asset takes into account the ability of the
    market participant to generate economic benefits by using the asset at its maximum and best use or
    by selling it to another market participant who may use the asset at its maximum and best use.
    All assets and liabilities whose fair values are measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
    classified in the fair value hierarchy. This is described as follows, based on the lowest input level
    that is important for the overall measurement:
    - Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can
      be obtained at the measurement date.
    - Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
      liabilities either directly or indirectly.
    - Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
      (unobservable inputs).

    For assets and liabilities that are measured in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring
    basis, the Group determines whether transfers have been made between hierarchy levels by
    reassessing the classification (based on the lowest input level that is significant for the overall
    measurement) at the end of each reporting period.

    Dividends to the shareholders of the Group
    Dividends to the shareholders of the Group are recognized as liability in the consolidated financial
    statements of the Group in the year in which the dividends are approved by the shareholders of the
    Group.

    Employees’ benefits

    Short-term employees’ benefits
    Short-term employees’ benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is
    recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive
    obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the
    obligation can be estimated reliably.

    Employees benefits are payable to all employees employed under the terms and conditions of the
    labour laws applicable on the Group, on termination of their employment contracts.




                                                        20
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Employees’ benefits (continued)

    Defined contribution plan
    Retirement benefit in the form of General Organization of Social Insurance (GOSI) is a defined
    contribution scheme. The Group has no obligation, other than the contribution payable to the GOSI.
    The Group recognizes contribution payable to the GOSI as an expense when due.

    Defined benefit plans (employees’ end of service benefits)
    The Group operates defined benefit plans, under the Saudi Labor Law applicable based on
    employees’ accumulated periods of service at the date of statement of financial position.
    The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plans is determined separately for each
    plan using the projected unit credit method. Previously, employees' end of service benefits' liability
    was calculated at the current value of the vested benefits to which the employee was entitled,
    should his service be terminated at the reporting date.
    Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling
    (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and the return on
    plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are
    recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding
    debit or credit to retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Re-
    measurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
    Past service costs are recognized in statement of profit or loss on the earlier of:
        •   The date of the plan amendment or curtailment, and

        •   The date on which the Group recognizes related restructuring costs
        •   Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or
            asset.
    The Group recognizes the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation in the
    consolidated statement of profit or loss:
       • • service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on
            curtailments and non-routine settlements, and
       • • Net interest expense or income.

    Share based payments
    At the date of vesting share based payments that are settled with equity instruments and generally
    granted to employees, fair value is recognized as an expense with the corresponding increase in
    equity over the award vesting period. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect
    the number of awards under which the related service conditions are expected to be met, such that
    the amount is ultimately based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at
    the vesting date.

    Zakat and Income Tax

    Zakat
    Zakat is calculated in accordance with regulations of Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority in the
    Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“ZATCA”) on the Saudi shareholders’ shares and on an accrual basis.
    The Zakat charge is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The differences, if
    any, resulting from the final assessments are adjusted in the year when declarations are finalized.




                                                         21
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Zakat and Income Tax (continued)

    Income tax
    Income tax is calculated at the specified rates on the adjusted share of the income of non-Saudi
    shareholders specified in accordance with the Saudi regulations that are endorsed in the Kingdom
    of Saudi Arabia, and Also, it is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

    For subsidiaries that are incorporated and operated outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, provision
    for tax is computed in accordance with the tax regulations of their respective countries, when it is
    material.

    Provisions
    Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
    result of a past event, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
    Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

    Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
    settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
    recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item recognized in the same
    item of liabilities may be small.

    Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure
    required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period.

    Revenue recognition
    The Group applied IFRS 15 'Revenue from contracts with customers'.
    Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, includes
    unbilled revenue (contract asset) and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The
    Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a product or service to a customer.

    The Group assess the services promised in a contract with a customer and identifies as a
    performance obligation either:

    a) Service that is distinct.
    b) Series of distinct services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of
    transfer to the customer (i.e. each distinct service is satisfied over the time and the same method is
    used to measure progress).

    The Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on a five-step model as set out
    in IFRS 15:

    Step 1 - Identify the contract(s) with a customer: A contract is defined as an agreement between
    two or more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations and sets out the criteria for every
    contract that must be met.

    Step 2 - Identify the performance obligations in the contract: A performance obligation is a promise
    in a contract with a customer to transfer a good or service to the customer.

    Step 3 - Determine the transaction price: The transaction price is the amount of consideration to
    which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a
    customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.




                                                        22
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Revenue recognition (continued)
    Step 4 - Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: For a contract
    that has more than one performance obligation, the Group will allocate the transaction price to each
    performance obligation in an amount that depicts the amount of consideration to which the Group
    expects to be entitled in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation.

    Step 5 - Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

    The Group satisfies a performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time, if one of the
    following criteria is met:

    (a) The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternate use to the Group and the
        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
    (b) The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset
        is created or enhanced.
    (c) The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
        performance as the Group performs.
    As the performance obligations, where one of the above conditions are met, revenue is recognized
    overtime basis at which time the performance obligation is satisfied.

    When the Group satisfies a performance obligation by delivering the promised services it creates a
    contract based asset on the amount of consideration earned by the performance. Where the amount
    of consideration received from a customer exceeds the amount of revenue recognized this gives rise
    to advances from customer (contract liability).

    Revenue is recognized to the extent it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group
    and the revenue and costs, if applicable, can be measured reliably.

    The application of IFRS 15 has required management to make the following judgements:
    Satisfaction of performance obligations
    The Group is required to assess each of its contracts with customers to determine whether
    performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time in order to determine the
    appropriate method of recognizing revenue. The Group has assessed that based on the agreement
    entered into with the customers, the Group does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
    Group and usually has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. In these
    circumstances the Group recognizes revenue over time. Where this is not the case revenue is
    recognized at a point in time. For sale of goods, revenue is generally recognized at a point in time.

    Determination of transaction prices
    The Group is required to determine the transaction price in respect of each of its agreements with
    customers. In making such judgment the Group assess the impact of any variable consideration in
    the contract, due to discount or penalties, the existence of any significant financing component in
    the contract and any non-cash consideration in the contract.

    Transfer of control in contracts with customers
    In case where the Group determines that performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time,
    revenue is recognized when control over the assets that is subject of contract is transferred to the
    customer.

    In addition, the application of IFRS 15 has resulted in the following estimation process:



                                                        23
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Revenue recognition (continued)

    Allocation of transaction price to performance obligation in contracts with customers
    The Group has elected to apply the input method in allocating the transaction price to performance
    obligations where revenue is recognized over time. The Group considers that the use of the input
    method, which requires revenue recognition on the basis of the Group’s efforts to the satisfaction of
    performance obligation, provides the best reference of revenue actually earned. In applying the
    input method, the Group estimates the efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance
    obligation. In addition to the cost of satisfying contractual obligation to the customers, these
    estimates mainly include the time elapsed for service contracts.

    Other matters to consider

    Variable consideration

    If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the
    amount of consideration to which the Group is entitled in exchange for transferring the promised
    goods or services to a customer. The Group estimates the transaction price on contracts with
    variable consideration using the expected value or most likely amount method. The method is
    applied consistently throughout the contract and to similar types of contracts.

    Significant financing component
    The Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the time value of money if the contract
    contains a significant financing component.

    Revenue streams

    The Group earns revenue from following sources:

    Revenue streams                  Revenue recognition
    Sale of goods                    At point in time
    Contract revenue                 Over time
    Revenue from sale of goods

    Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in the contracts with customers and excludes
    amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognizes revenue when control of the
    product is transferred to the customer, which happens upon delivery to the customer.

    If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the fees
    to which it is entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

    Contract revenue

    Contract revenue are recognized over time. Revenue is measured and recognized based on
    percentage of completion method, which is calculated by comparing between the percentage of
    actual cost incurred to‐date to estimated total cost for each contract.

    Estimates of revenue, costs or extent of percentage of completion are revised if circumstances
    changed. Any resulting increase or decrease in estimated revenue or costs are reflected in profit or
    loss in the period in which the circumstances that lead to the revision become known to the
    management.



                                                        24
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Contract revenue (continued)

    Estimated costs and profits in excess of invoices on incomplete contracts are recognized in current
    assets as contract assets, and invoices in excess of costs incurred and estimated profits, if any, are
    recognized in current liabilities as contract liabilities.

    Contract costs

    Additional costs are recognized to obtain the contract as an expense, unless the Group has
    reasonable expectation of recovering these costs from its customer, as these costs are explicitly
    charged to the customers. The Group consumes these costs on a regular basis in conformity with
    transferring goods or services to a customer.

    Contract assets and liabilities
    Under IFRS 15, when a party to a contract performs its obligations, the entity shall present in its
    statement of financial position, contract assets or liabilities, depending on the relationship between
    the entity's performance and customer payments. Contract assets are an entity’s right to
    consideration in exchange for goods or services that the entity has transferred or implemented to
    the customer.

    Contract liabilities are an entity’s obligation to transfer goods or perform services for the benefit of
    the customer for which the entity received consideration from the customer (or is entitled to a
    payment for). If the consideration agreed in the contract includes a variable amount, the Company
    estimates the amount of consideration that the Company is entitled to in exchange for transferring
    the goods or services agreed upon with the customer.

    Other revenues
    All other revenues are recognized on an accrual basis when the Group's right to earn the revenues is
    established.

    Cost of sales
    Production costs and direct manufacturing expenses are classified as cost of sales. This includes
    raw material, direct labors, depreciation and other related general indirect costs. This also includes
    share of the related common overheads.

    Selling and distribution expenses
    This include any costs incurred to execute or facilitate all sale transactions in the Group. These
    costs typically include salaries of the sales employees, costs of managing the exhibitions, marketing
    and distribution expenses, and logistics expenses as well as commissions, fees and the like. This
    includes share of the related general common costs.

    General and administrative expenses
    This pertain to operating expenses that are not directly related to the production of any goods or
    services. This includes share of the related general common costs.

    Common expenses between direct cost, selling and distribution expenses, and general and
    administrative expenses, when required, are allocated on a consistent basis.

    Finance cost
    The finance cost consists of the interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with
    borrowing of allocated funds through the Group, the interest on the employee’s end-of-service
    benefits according to IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’, and interest expenses on lease liabilities in
    accordance with IFRS 16 ‘Leases’.

                                                        25
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

7   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Finance cost (continued)

    All other borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year
    in which they are incurred.

    Reporting Segments
    An operating segment is a component of the Company:

    • That engages in activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses.
    • Results of its operations are continuously analyzed by chief operating decision maker in order to
      make decisions related to resource allocation and performance assessment; and
    • For which separate financial information is available.

    A geographical segment is a group of assets, operations or entities engaged in revenue generating
    activities within a particular economic environment that are subject to risks and returns different
    from those operating in other economic environments.

    IFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified based on internal reports that are regularly
    reviewed by the Group executive management and used to allocate resources to segments and
    assess their performance. These operating segments described below has been identified in note
    (36) in accordance with IFRS 8. Most of the Group's revenue, profits and assets arise by its
    operations in Saudi Arabia and arise from these specific business segments. The executive
    management monitors the operational results of these operating segments continuously for making
    decisions about resource allocation and performance evaluation. Segment performance is evaluated
    based on profit or loss and other performance measurement indicators.

    Earnings per share
    The Company presents basic earnings per share for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is
    calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the
    number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

8. USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS

    The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires management to make
    judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenue, costs, assets and
    liabilities, and the disclosure of contingencies at the reporting date. However, uncertainty about
    these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment
    to the carrying amounts of the asset or liability affected in the future.

    These estimates and assumptions are based upon experience and other various factors that are
    believed to be reasonable under these circumstances and are used to estimate the carrying amounts
    of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
    assumptions are reviewed regularly. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period
    in which the estimates are revised or in the revision period, if the effect of revision is limited to that
    period only, or they are recognized in the revision period and future periods if the revision affects
    both current and future periods.

    The key assumption concerning the future and key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
    the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
    amounts of the assets and liabilities within the next financial year is discussed below:




                                                         26
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8.   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Judgments
     Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have significant effects on
     the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements are included in the following notes:
     Note 5 - whether the Company exercises control over an investee.
     Note 12 - Investment in a joint venture

     Assumptions and Estimation uncertainties
     Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have the most significant effect on
     the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements, are described below:

     Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
     At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to assess whether there
     is an indication that those assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group makes
     an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an
     asset’s fair value less costs to sell or its value in use.

     In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows attributable to the asset are discounted to
     their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
     of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs to sell, recent
     market transactions are taken into account.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized
     immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to
     the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined that no impairment
     loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. An impairment loss reversal is recognized
     immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     Expected Life of Property, Equipment, And Plants
     The Group’s management determines the expected life of property, plant and equipment for
     calculating depreciation. The estimate is carried out after considering the expected usage of the
     assets or obsolescence. Management performs periodic review for the estimated useful lives and
     depreciation method to ensure that depreciation duration and method are consistent with the
     expected pattern for the economic benefit of the assets.

     Fair Value Estimation of Financial Instruments
     The Group uses the most observable market inputs when measuring the fair value of an asset or a
     liability. Fair values are classified in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
     which are shown as follows:
     - Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can
       be obtained at the measurement date.
     - Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
       liabilities either directly or indirectly.
     - Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
       (unobservable inputs).
     Expected credit loss provision for trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs of trade receivables. The provision rates are
     based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments.


                                                          27
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8-   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Assumptions and Estimation Uncertainties (Continued)

     Expected credit loss provision for trade receivables (continued)
     The provision matrix is initially based on the entire Group’s historical observed default rates. The
     Group calibrates the matrix to adjust historical credit loss experience with forward-looking
     information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next
     year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the industry, the historical default rates
     are adjusted. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes
     in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.
     The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic
     conditions and ECL is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is the most sensitive item to
     changes of circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss
     experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual
     default in the future.

     Expected adjustments of net realizable value
     Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. When inventory becomes old or
     obsolete, an estimate is made for the net realizable value. For individually significant amounts, this
     estimate is made on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually significant, but which
     are old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory
     type and the degree of aging, obsolescence. physical deterioration, quality issues and change in
     demand and goods pricing.

     Assumptions of employees’ benefits obligations
     The Group operates an end-of-service benefits plan for its employees based on the prevailing Saudi
     Labor laws. The liability is being accrued based on projected credit unit method in accordance with
     the periodic actuarial valuations.

     Certain actuarial assumptions have been applied as set out in note 23 to these consolidated financial
     statements for valuation of present value of defined benefit obligations. Any changes in these
     assumptions in future years might affect gains and losses in those years.

     Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
     result of a past event, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate for the consideration required to settle
     the present obligation at reporting date taking into account risk and doubts specific to liability.
     Where the provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, it
     carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.

     When the Company expects some or all of economic benefits that are required to settle a provision
     of third party to be reimbursed, the accrued amount is recognized as an asset if the reimbursed
     amount is virtually certain and its value can be reliably estimated.

     Onerous contracts
     Current liabilities - arising from onerous contract - are identified and recognized as provisions. The
     contract is considered as onerous contract if the Company enters into a contract in which the
     unavoidable costs of meeting the contractual obligations exceed the financial returns expected to be
     received under the contract.



                                                         28
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

8   USE OF ESTIMATES, ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    Zakat and Income tax
    When calculating the Zakat and income tax expense for the current period, the Group has adjusted
    its net income and applied certain assumptions to the Zakat and income tax base used to calculate
    the Zakat and income tax expense. However, the Zakat legislations issued by ZATCA with respect
    to these amendments are subject to amendments and interpretations that are subject to change. The
    Group's management has provided its best estimates for those assumptions.

    Deferred tax
    Deferred tax of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities is
    recorded in the consolidated financial statements and the tax base used to calculate the taxable
    profit. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
    assets for deductible temporary differences are recorded when it is probable that taxable profits will
    be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The carrying
    amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
    extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part
    of the asset to be recovered.

    Going concern
    The Group's management uses estimates and assumptions to assess the Group's ability to continue
    as a going concern, including an assessment of any material uncertainties that may cast significant
    doubts about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.




                                                         29
                                                                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                                                                       (A Saudi Closed Joint Stock Company)
                                                                          Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                     (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

9-      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic      Assets under
                                                                   Plant and                             Furniture                        Laboratory                             spare       construction
                                   Land        Buildings (*)      equipment         Motor vehicles       & fixtures           Tools        equipment        Computers             parts               (**)               Total
Cost
1 January 2022               222,687,038       376,298,558     1,943,508,532           16,130,709       28,471,899       50,806,256       111,167,106       18,033,256       9,783,792        69,518,349        2,846,405,495
Additions                              -         3,400,193         12,681,554             504,006        1,481,108        3,401,458        16,080,523          117,769         829,301         6,795,414            45,291,326
Disposals                              -                 -        (2,584,598)           (108,390)                -                -                 -                -               -                 -           (2,692,988)
Transfers from asset under
 construction                          -        7,688,135         51,111,984                    -         318,618         4,467,010           84,970                 -               -       (63,670,717)                    -
Transferred from property,
plant and equipment to
investment properties        (4,075,524)       (17,616,499)                 -                   -                -                -                 -                -               -         (647,419)         (22,339,442)
Impact of changes in
exchange rates                   25,714             27,883          423,486             (43,405)        (277,262)              780                  -                -                -            8,632             165,828
31 December 2022             218,637,228        369,798,270    2,005,140,958           16,482,920       29,994,363       58,675,504       127,332,599       18,151,025       10,613,093        12,004,259       2,866,830,219

Accumulated depreciation
1 January 2022                             -    219,648,657    1,280,359,613           15,083,535       25,698,681       46,610,635        88,230,118       12,621,514        3,408,562                     -   1,691,661,315
Charge for the year                        -     12,166,128       31,835,254               528,285       1,511,147        2,735,315          6,669,411         451,036        1,338,457                     -      57,235,033
Disposals                                  -              -        (607,272)             (108,390)               -                -                  -               -                -                     -       (715,662)
Transferred from property,
 plant and equipment to
 investment properties                     -     (1,056,991)                    -                   -                -                -                 -                -               -                  -      (1,056,991)
31 December 2022                           -    230,757,794    1,311,587,595           15,503,430       27,209,828       49,345,950        94,899,529       13,072,550        4,747,019                     -   1,747,123,695

Net carrying amount
31 December 2022             218,637,228        139,040,476      693,553,363               979,490       2,784,535        9,329,554        32,433,070        5,078,475        5,866,074        12,004,259       1,119,706,524
31 December 2021             222,687,038        156,649,901      663,148,919             1,047,174       2,773,218        4,195,621        22,936,988        5,411,742        6,375,230        69,518,349       1,154,744,180


* This item includes buildings constructed on land leased from the Saudi Authority for Industrial Cities and Technology Zones (MODON) for a period of 20 years until 1454H
(corresponding to 2032) that are recognized under right of use assets (Note 13).
** Assets under construction represent work in progress related to the construction of the Group's plant facilities.




                                                                                                                30
                                                                                 RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                                                                       (A Saudi Closed Joint Stock Company)
                                                                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

 9- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                     Assets under
                                                                  Plant and          Motor     Furniture &                  Laboratory                   Strategic   construction
                                      Land     Buildings (*)     equipment          vehicles       fixtures       Tools      equipment    Computers    spare parts            (**)          Total
 Cost
 1 January 2022                  218,637,228    369,798,270    2,005,140,958      16,482,920    29,994,363    58,675,504    127,332,599   18,151,025   10,613,093      12,004,259    2,866,830,219
 Additions                                 -      1,924,949       13,386,722         979,123     1,980,051     7,022,907      1,107,508      238,844    1,619,485     126,404,083      154,663,672
 Disposals                                 -      (122,182)     (30,580,400)       (789,794)             -             -       (17,850)            -    (568,156)               -     (32,078,382)
 Transfer to intangible assets             -              -                -               -             -             -              -            -            -       (361,024)        (361,024)
 Transfers from asset under
construction                               -      2,443,069       1,104,123                -       595,166      258,001               -            -      265,114     (4,665,473)                -
 Foreign currency translation
differences                            (935)         35,341        1,209,062        (34,483)    (1,014,739)        7,378              -        2,761            -             606          204,991
 31 December 2023                218,636,293    374,079,447    1,990,260,465      16,637,766     31,554,841   65,963,790    128,422,257   18,392,630   11,929,536     133,382,451    2,989,259,476

 Accumulated depreciation                  -    230,757,794    1,311,587,595      15,503,430    27,209,828    49,345,950     94,899,529   13,072,550    4,747,019                -   1,747,123,695
 Charge for the year                       -     11,249,875       33,250,494         547,727     1,165,734     3,809,569      7,539,200      541,489    1,424,398                -      59,528,486
 Disposals                                 -       (17,669)     (23,184,291)       (789,794)             -             -       (17,850)            -    (236,306)                -    (24,245,910)
 Foreign currency translation
differences                                -         36,364       1,195,999         (34,474)    (1,014,697)       7,360               -       2,778              -               -        193,330
31 December 2023                           -    242,026,364    1,322,849,797      15,226,889    27,360,865    53,162,879    102,420,879   13,616,817    5,935,111                -   1,782,599,601

Net carrying amount
31 December 2023                 218,636,293    132,053,083     667,410,668        1,410,877     4,193,976    12,800,911     26,001,378    4,775,813    5,994,425     133,382,451    1,206,659,875
 31 December 2022                218,637,228    139,040,476     693,553,363          979,490     2,784,535     9,329,554     32,433,070    5,078,475    5,866,074      12,004,259    1,119,706,524


* This item includes buildings constructed on land leased from the Saudi Authority for Industrial Cities and Technology Zones (MODON) for a period of 20 years until 1454H
(corresponding to 2032) that are recognized under right of use assets (Note 13).
** Assets under construction represent work in progress related to the construction of the Group's plant facilities.

Depreciation charge for the year ended has been allocated as follows:
                                                                                                      2023                       2022

Cost of sales - Note 34                                                                        56,365,674                  53,552,973
Selling and distribution expenses - Note 35                                                       385,055                     390,454
General and administration expenses - Note 36                                                   2,777,756                   3,291,606
                                                                                               59,528,486                  57,235,033




                                                                                                 31
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                          Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

9- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)

  The Group holds assets the cost of which amounts to SR 952.4 million at 31 December 2023,
  which are fully depreciated but are still unregularly used. The management expects no significant
  future economic benefits from such assets. the details of such assets are as follows:

                                                                                   2023              2022
  Buildings                                                                  94,911,408            94,814,878
  Plant and equipment                                                       722,505,703           763,450,895
  Motor vehicles                                                             13,426,914            13,252,297
  Furniture & fixtures                                                       26,587,290            24,636,088
  Tools                                                                      38,653,009            37,211,943
  Laboratory equipment                                                       49,245,518            48,268,178
  Computers                                                                   7,047,150             7,033,615
                                                                            952,376,992           988,667,894

10- INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
                                                                                     2023            2022

                                                                              Computer              Computer
                                                                               Software              software
  Cost:
  As at 1 January                                                            80,518,515            74,696,605
  Additions during the year                                                     361,024             5,821,910
  As at 31 December                                                          80,879,539            80,518,515

  Amortization:
  As at 1 January                                                            12,539,084             7,457,888
  Charge for the year                                                         5,573,460             5,081,196
  As at 31 December                                                          18,112,544            12,539,084
  Net carrying amount as at 31 December                                      62,766,995            67,979,431

  The above intangible assets represent cost of SAP system.

  The amortization charge for the year has been charged as follows:

                                                                                     2023               2022

  General and administration expenses (Note 36)                                5,573,460            5,081,196
                                                                               5,573,460            5,081,196

11- INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                          % of
                                                      shareholding                        2023          2022
  Natural Gas Distribution Company- Listed company       7.67%                       16,023,324    22,233,314
  International Company for Insulation Materials- Non
                                                         19.7%
  listed company                                                                      1,270,240     1,270,240
                                                                                     17,293,564    23,503,554

  The Group’s investments in International Company for Insulation Materials represent investments
  in a non- listed company. The company expects no significant difference between the fair value
  and carrying amount of such investments at 31 December 2023.

                                                      32
                            RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                          Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

12- INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE
  The Group had investments in a joint venture with Gulf Cable and Electrical Industries
  Corporation. (Kuwait Shareholding Company) through the establishment of the “Gulf and Riyadh
  Electric Wires Cables CO. (a limited liability company) based in the state of Kuwait with a share
  capital of KWD 5 million equals SR 61,2 million. The Group has 50% of the Company’s shares
  and based on the Group’s assessment, the investment has been treated as an investment in a joint
  venture. The investment cost of the Group, as at 31 December 2023, amounted to SR 30,6 million
  (31 December 2022: SR 30.6 million) which represents the Group’s share in the capital, as the
  “Gulf and Riyadh Electric Wires Cables CO.” has not yet started its commercial operations. There
  are no transactions within the investment balance during the year.
13- RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
  The right-of-use assets are represented in the value of rents of the Group’s lands and warehouses,
  in addition to rents for workers’ housing, offices and branches of one of the Group’s subsidiaries.
                                                                                    2023            2022
  Right of use assets
  As at 1 January                                                             9,482,493       10,842,109
  Depreciation charge for the year                                          (1,326,176)       (1,359,616)
  Right-of-use assets at 31 December                                          8,156,317         9,482,493
  Depreciation charge for the year ended has been allocated as follows:
                                                                                   2023             2022
  Cost of sales - Note 34                                                     1,326,176        1,359,616
  Lease liabilities
  Maturity analysis – contractual discounted cash flows                             2023            2022
  Discounted lease liabilities included in the
  consolidated statement of financial position
  Current                                                                     1,096,170        1,110,079
  Non-current                                                                 7,392,489        8,593,331
                                                                              8,488,659        9,703,410
                                                                                             For the year
                                                                         For the year              ended
  Amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of                       ended 31        31 December
  profit or loss                                                       December 2023                2022
  Depreciation on right of use assets                                       1,326,176          1,359,616
  Interest on lease liabilities                                               311,987            361,793
14- INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                    2023            2022
  Cost:
  As at 1 January                                                           36,058,713                 -
  Transferred from property, plant and equipment                                     -        22,339,442
  Additions during the year                                                  1,092,150        36,445,888
  Disposals during the year                                                          -      (22,485,661)
  As at 31 December                                                         37,150,863        36,299,669
  Depreciation
  As at 1 January                                                                    -                 -
  Transferred from property, plant and equipment                                     -         1,056,991
  Charge for the year (note 34)                                                      -           240,956
  Disposals during the year                                                          -       (1,056,991)
  Impairment of investment properties                                     (25,639,877)                 -
  As at 31 December                                                       (25,639,877)           240,956
  Net carrying amount as at 31 December                                     11,510,986       36,058,713
                                                      33
                            RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                       (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                          Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                             For the year ended 31 December 2023
                      (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

14- INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
  Investment properties are represented in the ownership of lands in the Arab Republic of Egypt, and
  its net carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 amounted to SR 11.5. The fair value of the land
  according to the latest valuation of the land amounted to SR 13.8 million. The fair value of the
  investment properties has been determined using comparative sales approach by “Consultation
  company for experience and appraisal”, an independent external real estate valuer and registered
  with the Central Bank of Egypt with No. (59). Even though the land was valued in an amount
  higher than the amount recognized in 31 December 2023 as stated above, the carrying amount was
  not adjusted to reflect the last valuation of the land.

15- INVENTORY

                                                                                  2023              2022
  Finished Goods                                                          1,046,045,780       828,299,625
  Work in progress                                                          375,033,255       435,627,924
  Raw materials                                                             388,554,260       325,786,772
  Spare parts                                                                74,215,719        68,710,664
  Packaging material                                                         44,768,175        44,400,407
  Goods in transit                                                           40,630,152       139,082,246
  Projects supplies                                                           8,169,538         3,911,004
  Total                                                                   1,977,416,879     1,845,818,642
  Less: Expected adjustments of net realizable value                       (68,305,439)      (50,077,300)
  Net inventory                                                           1,909,111,440     1,795,741,342

  The Group has a variety of future contracts to meet the price fluctuations risks of copper, aluminum
  and lead, in order to meet the Group's requirements expected from use in its manufacturing
  processes. The effect resulting from closing these contracts - contracts to buy or sell non-financial
  instruments / or contracts for own-use that are not classified as hedging instruments - is recorded in
  the cost of production in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except for the ultra-voltage
  cables inputs and overhead cables. The par value of the unexecuted future contracts for copper,
  aluminum and lead on 31 December 2023 amounted to US 123.5 million, equivalent to SR 463.1
  million. The Group also accounts for hedging contracts for fluctuations in the prices of copper, lead
  and aluminum, which are used in the product of ultra-voltage cables and overhead conductor
  cables, in accordance with the policy referred to in note (26) of the notes to the accompanying
  consolidated financial statements.
  Movement in expected adjustments of inventory net realizable value is as follows:

                                                                                   2023             2022
  1 January                                                                  50,077,300       49,660,390
  Adjustments during the year                                                18,228,139          589,547
  Reversal of adjustments during the year                                             -        (172,637)
  31 December                                                                68,305,439       50,077,300

16- TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                    2023            2022
  Trade receivables                                                         1,393,545,091   1,346,053,685
  Impairment loss on trade receivables                                       (88,439,772)    (45,525,583)
  Net trade receivables                                                     1,305,105,319   1,300,528,102

  Receivables amounts include due from related parties of SR 13 million (2022: SR 8.2 million).

                                                      34
                                       RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                                (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023
                               (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

 16 TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

        The ageing of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                         Aging of receivables
                               Total        0 to 90 days      91-180 days    181-270 days     271-365 days          >365 days

              2023        1,393,545,091     1,253,990,524       58,457,513        23,637,287         22,805,932      34,653,835
              2022
                          1,346,053,685     1,242,288,614       70,318,548         6,712,076          2,192,909      24,541,538

        Expected Credit Losses Assessment for Trade Receivables
        The Group applies the simplified approach of IFRS 9 to measure expected credit losses, which are
        used specifically for the lifetime expected credit losses for all financial assets measured at
        amortized cost.

        The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the following variables:

        -   Probability of default using a statistical model (i.e. normal distribution curve)
        -   GDP of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the rate of inflation and Saudi government spending, as
            variables of the macroeconomic, to calibrate the historical loss rate.

        The movement in provision for expected credit losses for trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                             2023                        2022
        1 January                                                                       45,525,583                  48,649,310
        Provision for Impairment loss on trade receivables                              42,914,189                  32,528,523
        Reversal of provision for Impairment loss on trade                                                        (35,652,250)
                                                                                                      -
        receivables
        31 December                                                                     88,439,772                 45,525,583

17      CONTRACTS ASSETS / LIABILITIES

                                                                                            2023                       2022
        Total costs incurred up to reporting date                                     417,847,478               316,620,774
        Total income recognized up to reporting date                                   47,665,685                36,146,507
        Less: Progress billing                                                      (465,281,943)             (375,618,900)
                                                                                          231,220              (22,851,619)

        Balance is as follows:
                                                                                            2023                         2022
        Contract assets                                                                25,208,489                    9,509,543
        Contract liabilities                                                         (24,977,269)                 (32,361,162)
                                                                                          231,220                 (22,851,619)

18      ADVANCES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                            2023                        2022
        Advances to suppliers                                                          41,290,399                  80,363,124
        Suppliers - receivables (*)                                                     9,393,325                   9,400,200
        Prepaid expenses                                                               14,414,693                   9,713,383
        Employees’ receivables                                                          1,384,322                   3,469,530
        Refundable deposits - customs                                                  18,913,210                   7,212,555
        Other                                                                           3,211,086                   6,917,819
                                                                                       88,607,035                 117,076,611

     (*) This balance represents the value of discounts due for the year from the suppliers of the company.
                                                        35
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

19   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                          2023           2022
     Cash at banks                                                                  149,550,511   106,721,322
     Cash in hand                                                                       501,117       398,620
                                                                                    150,051,628   107,119,942

20   SHARE CAPITAL

     As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group 's share capital consists of 150 million shares at SR
     10 each. The total issued capital is SR 1.5 billion. The Group’s share capital consists of Saudi
     shareholders and foreign founders.

21   STATUTORY RESERVE

     In accordance with the Company’s by-laws and the Regulations for Companies in Kingdom of
     Saudi Arabia valid up to January 2023, the Company is required to transfer 10% of the net profit of
     the year to statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 30% of the capital. However, with the
     introduction of the new Regulations for Companies in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the requirement
     to maintain the statutory reserve is no longer in effect. Accordingly, the Company’s shareholders,
     in the Extraordinary General Assembly meeting held on 20 June 2023, decided to amend the
     Company's by-laws in accordance with the new Regulations for Companies and to cancel the item
     related to the creation of a statutory reserve. The legal formalities for amending the Company's by-
     laws have been finalized.

22   DIVIDENDS
     On 20 June 2023, the Company's Extraordinary General Assembly meeting decided to approve the
     distribution of dividends of SR 225 million at SR 1.50 per share. On 3 October 2023, the Board of
     Directors decided to distribute interim cash dividends to shareholders for the first half of 2023
     amounting to SR 149.97 million at SR 1 per share. Such dividends were repaid in full (2022: SR
     236 million at SR 1.57 per share).

23   EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS

     The Group operates defined benefit plans in line with the labor law requirements in the countries
     where the Group's entities operate. The payments under the plan are based on the employees' final
     salaries and allowances and their cumulative years of service at the date of their termination of
     employment.

     The employees’ termination benefits plans are unfunded.

     The amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements in
     the net defined benefits obligations during the year are as follows:

                                                                                         2023             2022
     1 January                                                                    106,574,034      107,410,714
     Current service cost                                                          11,977,282       10,486,880
     Interest cost                                                                   4,612,730        2,910,583
     Paid during the year                                                          (7,249,550)      (8,268,714)
     Actuarial gains/losses                                                          1,382,984      (5,965,429)
     Impact of Foreign currency exchange translation differences                         (281)                -
     31 December                                                                  117,297,199      106,574,034


                                                         36
                                  RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

 23 EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS

     Significant actuarial assumptions

     The significant actuarial assumptions used were as follows:
                                                                                      2023                   2022
     Discount rate                                                                 4.80%                    4.50%
     Salary growth rate                                                            2.00%                    2.00%
     Assumed retirement age                                                            60                       60

     Sensitivity analysis
     The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal assumptions used is as
     follows:

                                                                                   Impact on the balance of the
                                                                                   defined benefit obligations in
                                                                                               2023
                                                                                     Increase in       Decrease in
                                                                  Change            assumption         assumption
     Discount rate                                                   1%          (106,835,064)       (104,626,064)
     Salary growth rate                                              1%          (113,531,064)        (98,927,064)

                                                                                     Impact on the balance of the
                                                                                    defined benefit obligations in
                                                                                                2022
                                                                   Change           Increase in       Increase in
                                                                                    assumption       assumption

     Discount rate                                                    1%           (90,491,260)       (103,821,507)
     Salary growth rate                                               1%          (103,932,718)        (90,290,363)

     The above sensitivity analysis are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other
     assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to happen, and changes in some assumptions
     may be related to others. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to
     significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the defined benefit obligation
     calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied
     as when calculating the defined benefit obligation recognized in the consolidated statement of
     financial position.

24   ISLAMIC FINANCE FACILITIES

     The Group entered into credit facilities agreements with several local banks to support the working
     capital during the year with a total amount of SR 3 billion (2022: SR 3.4 billion) at Islamic
     Murabaha rates that ranges between 0.8% to 1% (+-) SAIBOR. All credit facilities were granted
     according to promissory notes approved by some members of the Board of Directors according to
     the authorities granted to them and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors. Interest rates
     on short-term loans are based on Saudi Inter Bank Offer Rate (SIBOR) plus a variable rate during
     the year.
                                                                                        2023                  2022
     1 January                                                               1,468,005,000           1,324,175,000
     Utilized during the year                                                2,905,914,537           4,249,525,000
     Paid during the year                                                  (3,651,796,359)         (4,105,695,000)
     31 December                                                               722,123,178           1,468,005,000
                                                          37
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

25   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                                            2023           2022
     Advances from costumers                                                         153,033,434     133,933,856
     Accrued VAT                                                                      55,983,614      53,214,651
     Accrued expenses                                                                 36,892,014      23,141,886
     Employee accruals                                                                14,898,495      18,611,749
     Other                                                                             5,710,726       1,366,012
                                                                                     266,518,283     230,268,154

26   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Forwards and futures
     They are contractual agreements to either buy or sell a specified commodity or financial instrument
     at a specified price and date in the future. Forwards are customized contracts to meet specific
     needs.

     The Group has adopted a comprehensive system for measuring and managing risks. Part of the risk
     management process is related to managing the Group's exposure to fluctuations in certain
     inventory raw materials prices to reduce its exposure to variability risks in inventory prices to
     acceptable levels as determined by the Board of Directors.

     The Group uses commodity forwards to hedge against certain inventory raw material prices risk on
     copper, aluminum and lead related to producing ultra-voltage cables as well as overhead cables.
     The hedging relationship and objective are documented, including details of the hedged items and
     the hedging instrument. Transactions are accounted for as a fair value hedge.

     The following table shows the details of par value and carrying amount as at the reporting date:

                                            Par value of                         Carrying amount of
     31 December 2023                         hedging                            hedging instruments
                                            instruments
                                              Current                       Assets                 Liabilities
     Commodity derivatives                     292,850,593                  10,802,262                   894,858
                                               292,850,593                  10,802,262                  894,858

     The Group purchases copper and lead on an ongoing basis as its operating activities require a
     continuous supply of these materials. The increased fluctuations of these materials prices led the
     management to decide to enter into forwards contracts for materials related to high voltage cables
     and overhead conductor cables.

     The impact of the cash flow hedge for these items on the statement of financial position is as
     follows:

                                                                         Change in fair
                                               31 December                                         31 December
                                                   2022                 values of hedging              2023
                                                                          instruments
     Copper                                         14,751,692                (15,099,108)             (347,416)
     Aluminum                                                -                  10,707,340            10,707,340
     Lead                                            (143,584)                   1,396,277             1,252,693
                                                    14,608,108                 (2,995,491)            11,612,617



                                                         38
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

27   TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                      2023             2022
     Trade payables*                                                            185,909,248      222,934,612
     Suppliers facilities- banks **                                           1,009,501,174      321,611,935
                                                                              1,195,410,422      544,546,547

     * Payables amounts include dues to related parties of SR 747,726 (2022: SR 18,149) (Note 39).

     ** Suppliers’ facilities are represented in the value of balances due to a supplier, which were
     settled through SABB Bank in accordance with the agreement (suppliers financing arrangements)
     out of the total facilities agreement concluded with the bank amounting to a total of SR 1.5 billion
     (note 40.2)

28   PROVISIONS FOR ONEROUS CONTRACTS

     * The balance of provision for onerous contracts amounted to SR 197.2 million (2022: SR 61.6
     million) related to certain contracts that include a current obligation by the Company to supply
     cables, which may result in a change in the prices of raw materials after the date of contract. This is
     for all the Company's products, except for the ultra-voltage cables and overhead conductor cables,
     with which the price of the raw material is hedged.

     The movement of provisions is as follows:

                                                                                        2023           2022
     1 January                                                                      61,582,355     82,512,628
     Creation of provision                                                         135,592,992              -
     Provisions no longer required                                                           -   (20,930,273)
     31 December                                                                   197,175,347     61,582,355

     The increase in the provisions balance of onerous contracts is attributed to the increase in the
     selling orders upon which the provisions were calculated due to the increase in the sales volume
     during the period, in addition to the increase in metal supply prices from raw material suppliers that
     are used as a basis for provision calculation.

29   TREASURY SHARES

     On 14 Shawwal 1444H (corresponding to 4 May 2023), the Board of Directors proposed the
     purchase of a maximum 500 thousands shares of the Group`s shares and allocate them to the long-
     term employees’ incentive share scheme. On 2 Dhul-Hijjah 1444H (corresponding to 20 June
     2023), the Extraordinary General Assembly approved the Board of Directors' resolution that the
     purchase to be financed from the Group 's own resources using its cash balances or credit facilities,
     and the Board of Directors or its authorized representative shall be entitled to complete the
     purchase at the time and price it deems appropriate within a maximum period of 12 months from
     the date of the resolution of the Extraordinary General Assembly. The company holds the
     purchased shares for maximum period of 5 years as of the date of the General Assembly’s approval
     in order to allocate them to qualified employees. After this period, the Group is committed to
     following the procedures and regulations stipulated in the relevant laws and regulations.




                                                          39
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

29   TREASURY SHARES (CONTINUED)

     On 14 September 2023, the Group purchased 282,500 shares at an average price of SR 74.1 each,
     at a cost of SR 21.1 million. The following is the number of outstanding shares at 31 December
     2023.

     Number of outstanding shares as at 1 January 2023                                                   150,000,000
     Number of treasury shares acquired during the year                                                    (282,500)
     Number of outstanding shares as at 31 December 2023                                                 149,717,500

30   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS PROGRAM

     The Grpup formulated the share-based payment program and it was signed by the Group and the
     employees on 21 December 2023, which is the vesting date as of the beginning of 2023.

     Total No. of shares vested                                   283,300
     The average fair value per share on vesting date             SR 82.1
     Vesting date                                              31 December 2025
     Settlement method:                                             Equity

     In line with the launch of the long-term benefits plan, the management approved the policies and
     the related regulations. Moreover, it prepared a regular distribution plan within the framework of
     the long-term employee benefits plan over a period of three years. Based on the Group’s
     performance conditions, as of January 2023 to December 2025, the performance-related shares will
     be distributed in 2026.

     The shares to be settled for equity instruments were valued at their fair value on the date of vesting
     by applying the Discount for lack of Marketability Method (DLOM). This method takes into
     account the exercise price, the effect of any discounts (where applicable), the share price on the
     vesting date, the probability of vesting, and the expected price fluctuations of basic shares. As a
     result of this valuation, the fair value of share is determined to be at SR 82.1 as at 21 December
     2023, based on the exercise price amounting to SR 89.90 and 95% vesting probability.

     Total expenses related to the program for the period ended 31 December 2023 amounted to SR 8
     million, which were included in the expenses items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income, with the amount recorded in the share-based payments reserve
     item under equity in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 2: share-based payments.

31   DEFERRED TAXES

     Significant deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized by the Group are as follows:

                                                         31 December 2023                       31 December 2022
                                                       Assets      Liabilities                 Assets     Liabilities
     Fixed assets                                               -        9,898,969                   -      7,573,729
     Expected adjustments of inventory                                                         695,172              -
                                                        666,203                    -
     realizable value
     Employees’ benefits obligations                  1,192,015                    -       1,644,092                -
     Provision for Impairment loss on trade                                                  573,953                -
                                                      1,054,201                    -
     receivables
     Provision for onerous contracts                  2,140,239                  -           787,829                -
                                                      5,052,658          9,898,969         3,701,046        7,573,729




                                                         40
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

32   ZAKAT AND INCOME TAX

     Zakat and Income Tax Status

     Riyadh Cables Group Company

     -   The Group finalized the Zakat assessments up to the year 2018. The Zakat and tax assessments
         for the years from 2019 to 2022 are still under review by Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority
         (“ZATCA”) for the Group companies. The Group did not receive any assessments that require
         making provisions as of 31 December 2023.
     -   The Group has filed its Zakat returns for all years up to 31 December 2022, and Zakat
         certificate for the year 2022 was issued, which expires on 30 April 2024.
     -   On 27 April 2022, the Company received a letter of returns amendment from ZATCA for the
         2016 return, which resulted in Zakat differences amounting to SR 36.86 million. The
         Company filed an appeal to these differences for that financial year during the permitted
         statutory period. On 18 April 2023, the Company submitted a request for the settlement of
         Zakat disputes amounting to (SR Nil), which was approved by the Zakat and Tax Dispute
         Settlement Committee on 6 June 2023, and the committee's decision was approved by ZATCA
         on 7 June 2023. Accordingly, the Company did not have any Zakat dues for the disputed
         period.

     Zakat and income tax is calculated on the separate financial statements of the Group’s companies.
     Zakat due from Saudi shareholders and tax due from non-Saudi shareholders have been calculated
     according to the separate financial statements of each company in the Group.

     The subsidiaries outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia are subject to the tax provisions of the Gulf
     Cooperation Council Countries, Egypt and Iraq, and there are no tax disputes or claims from any
     tax authority for those mentioned Companies up to 31 December2023.

     Provision For Zakat and Income Tax

     Movement in Zakat and the provision for income tax for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
     2022 is as follows:

                                                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023                2022
     1 January                                                                 33,337,757           29,690,240
     Charged during the year                                                   39,126,206           29,208,266
     Prior year adjustments                                                   (1,890,751)                    -
     Payments made during the year                                           (28,626,786)         (25,560,749)
     31 December                                                               41,946,426           33,337,757

33   REVENUE

                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023              2022
     Timing of revenue recognition
     Goods transferred at a point in time                                   7,607,486,650       6,782,376,370
     Contract revenue over time                                               217,891,477          69,930,187
                                                                            7,825,378,127       6,852,306,557




                                                         41
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

33   REVENUE (CONTINUED)

                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023              2022
     Geographical markets
     Domestic revenue                                                      6,111,553,652       5,138,730,091
     External revenue                                                      1,713,824,475       1,713,576,466
                                                                           7,825,378,127       6,852,306,557

34   COST OF REVENUE

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023              2022
     Materials                                                             6,446,992,919      5,870,962,951
     Salaries and employees' related benefits                                224,288,536        181,710,701
     Depreciation expense- (note 9 & 13)                                      57,691,850         54,912,589
     Repairs and maintenance                                                  49,617,949         37,550,989
     Electricity and other benefits                                           56,983,411         45,298,056
     Other                                                                    17,040,024         14,770,098
                                                                           6,852,614,689      6,205,205,384

35   SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023               2022
     Salaries and employees' related benefits                                 43,001,145         43,289,870
     Cargo charges                                                            44,797,370         38,459,352
     Sales commission                                                          4,335,880          3,918,327
     Quality testing expenses                                                  2,017,930          2,797,888
     Rental expenses                                                             876,481            774,591
     Insurance expense                                                         1,374,237          1,513,229
     Advertising and showrooms expenses                                        5,326,712          3,521,718
     Depreciation expense - (note 9)                                             385,055            390,454
     Communication expenses                                                      633,350            520,403
     Other expenses                                                            9,189,858          7,593,637
                                                                            111,938,018         102,779,469

36   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023                2022
     Salaries and employees' related benefits                                 90,450,075         69,983,525
     Depreciation expense- (note 9 & 10)                                       8,351,216          8,613,758
     Legal and professional                                                   10,842,419          4,471,558
     Maintenance and repair expense                                            8,717,093          6,675,051
     Travel and insurance expense                                                984,512            562,235
     Communications and network expense                                        1,562,141          1,065,467
     Offices supplies expense                                                    903,204          1,030,452
     Other expenses                                                           13,473,644          7,763,744
                                                                             135,284,304        100,165,790
                                                         42
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)


37   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023              2022
     Foreign currency exchange gains                                                  4,113,545                -
     Gains on sale of investment properties                                                    -      17,331,330
     Revenue from rentals                                                               452,843          230,250
     Gains on sale of financial investments at FVOCI                                           -       3,274,019
     Revenue from sale of scraps                                                      5,592,607                -
     Other                                                                            2,406,505        7,395,450
                                                                                     12,565,500       28,231,049

38   OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023              2022
     Foreign exchange losses                                                                   -    (15,790,335)
     Losses on sale and disposal of property, plant and equipment                   (7,632,935)       (1,977,326)
                                                                                    (7,632,935)     (17,767,661)

39   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2023             2022
     Bank interests                                                                  84,698,754        56,660,589
     Bank commissions                                                                13,703,696        12,865,968
     Interest on employees’ defined benefits obligations                              4,612,730         2,910,583
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                      311,987           361,793
                                                                                   103,327,167        72,798,933

40   REPORTING SEGMENTS

     The Group’s activities include a number of sectors as follows: -

     •    Cables and wire segment: includes electrical cables
     •    High voltage cables segment: includes ready-made projects
     •    Other segments: includes telephone cables and services

     As at and for the year ended 31           Cables and            High voltage
     December 2023                               wires                  cables                  Other         Total

     Revenue                                   7,582,072,560            217,891,477          25,414,090     7,825,378,127
     Cost of revenue                         (6,647,219,513)          (193,481,346)        (11,913,830)   (6,852,614,689)
     Expenses                                  (244,502,460)             (1,061,250)        (1,658,612)     (247,222,322)
     Provision for Impairment loss on           (38,941,448)             (3,835,016)          (137,725)      (42,914,189)
     trade receivables
     Impairment losses of investment
     properties                                 (25,639,877)                         -                -     (25,639,877)
     Other income                               11,550,269                1,015,231                   -      12,565,500
     Other expenses                             (7,632,935)                        -                  -      (7,632,935)
     Finance costs                             (100,108,704)             (1,923,344)        (1,295,119)    (103,327,167)
     Profit before Zakat and income tax          529,577,892              18,605,752         10,408,804      558,592,448
     Total assets                              4,373,765,072            400,673,281          56,490,715    4,830,929,068
     Total liabilities                         2,333,811,958            227,278,640          23,640,012    2,584,730,610



                                                          43
                                 RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                            (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023
                           (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

40   REPORTING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

     As at and for the year ended 31            Cables and            High voltage
     December 2022                                wires                  cables                  Other              Total

     Revenue                                   6,772,651,126              69,930,187             9,725,244        6,852,306,557
     Cost of revenue                         (6,146,312,777)            (59,619,457)               726,850      (6,205,205,384)
     Expenses                                  (201,379,419)             (1,033,341)             (532,499)        (202,945,259)
     Provision for Impairment loss on
                                                    4,841,752            (1,223,551)             (494,474)           3,123,727
     trade receivables
     Other income                                  7,265,284              20,965,766                  -             28,231,050
     Other expenses                             (17,767,662)                       -                  -           (17,767,662)
     Finance costs                              (71,090,742)             (1,020,037)          (688,154)           (72,798,933)
     Income before Zakat and income tax          348,207,562              27,999,567          8,736,967            384,944,096
     Total assets                              3,770,448,634            793,501,958          59,932,327          4,623,882,919
     Total liabilities                         1,793,185,653            665,823,483          44,331,083          2,503,340,219

     The information by geographical distribution is as follows:

     As at and for the period ended 31 Inside Kingdom of                     Outside Kingdom of
     September 2023                      Saudi Arabia                          Saudi Arabia                      Total
     Revenue                                           6,111,553,652                 1,713,824,475           7,825,378,127
     Total non-current assets                          1,156,824,213                   185,218,682           1,342,042,895

     As at and for the period ended 30 Inside Kingdom of                     Outside Kingdom of
     December 2022                        Saudi Arabia                          Saudi Arabia                     Total
     Revenue                                            5,138,730,091                1,713,576,466            6,852,306,557
     Total non-current assets                           1,125,879,703                  165,154,558            1,291,034,261

41   EARNINGS PER SHARE – BASIC AND DILUTED

     Basic and diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the period attributable
     to the shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary and diluted shares
     outstanding during the year.

                                                                                             2023                   2022

     Net profit for the year                                                        518,769,603              352,319,866
     Weighted average number of shares                                              149,959,730              150,000,000
     Basic and diluted earnings per share                                                  3.46                     2.35

     Ordinary shares

                                                                                             2023                  2022

     Outstanding ordinary shares at the beginning of the year                      150,000,000               150,000,000
     Weighted average number of shares repurchased during the                         (37,683)                         -
     year
     Weighted-average number of ordinary shares at the end of the                  149,962,317               150,000,000
     year



                                                           44
                                  RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)



41   EARNINGS PER SHARE – BASIC AND DILUTED (CONTINUED)

      Diluted shares

                                                                                            2023                  2022

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the                           149,962,317              150,000,000
      purposes of calculating basic earnings per share at the end of
      the year.
      Impact of share options                                                            (2,587)                       -
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
      purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share at the year
      end.                                                                         149,959,730              150,000,000

42   RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

     Related parties of the Group consist of the shareholders having control or significant influence, key
     management personnel, and Companies which are directly or indirectly controlled or influenced by
     the shareholders, key management personnel. The transactions with related parties are made on
     terms approved by the Board of the Directors of the Group. The Group and its related parties
     transact with each other in the ordinary course of business. The transactions and the balances
     between the Group's companies have been eliminated in preparing these consolidated financial
     statements.

     Transactions with a related party that have been performed during the year, in the ordinary course
     of business, are summarized below:

                                                                       Nature of
                                        Nature of relationship        transaction                   2023           2022

                                              Owned by a
     Masdar Building Material                 shareholder              Purchases            1,230,180          1,068,413
                                                                         Sales             61,468,625         39,413,083

                                              Owned by a
     Thabat Contracting Company               shareholder                 Sales                 1,326,302      9,429,860

                                              Owned by a
     Masdar Technical Supplies                shareholder              Purchases                  77,192        149,693

                                              Owned by a
     Jadeer Logistics Services Co             shareholder              Purchases           10,085,413           326,370

     Communications Solutions                 Owned by a
     Company                                  shareholder                 Sales                 1,787,287              -


     Compensation and benefits to key management personnel

                                                                                          2023                     2022
     Salaries and short-term benefits                                               11,788,300               20,666,855
     End-of-services benefits                                                          509,900                  297,750
                                                                                    12,298,200               20,964,605




                                                          45
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)



  42- RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Balances due from / (to) related parties resulting from transactions with related parties are as
     follows:

     Due from related parties - classified as trade receivables
                                                                                            2023         2022
     Thabat Contracting Company                                                                 -    2,926,522
     Masdar Building Material Company                                                  12,284,354    5,286,490
     Communications Solutions Company                                                   1,671,510            -
                                                                                       13,955,864    8,213,012

     Due to related parties- classified as trade payables
                                                                                             2023        2022
     Masdar technical supplies                                                               3,816      18,149
     Thabat Contracting Company                                                             88,020           -
     Jadeer Logistics Services Co                                                         655,890            -
                                                                                          747,726       18,149

43   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

43.1 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based
     on the assumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
     - In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
     - In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

     The Company uses appropriate valuation techniques with surrounding conditions for which
     sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of appropriate inputs that
     can be monitored and minimizing the use of inputs that cannot be monitored to the greatest extent
     possible.

     The measurement of the fair value of a non-financial asset takes into account the ability of the
     market participant to generate economic benefits by using the asset at its maximum and best use or
     by selling it to another market participant who may use the asset at its maximum and best use.

     All assets and liabilities whose fair values are measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
     classified in the fair value hierarchy. This is described as follows, based on the lowest input level
     that is important for the overall measurement:
     Level 1:     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can
                  be obtained at the measurement date.
     Level 2:     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for assets or
                  liabilities either directly (such as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
     Level 3:     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market information
                  (unobservable inputs).



                                                          46
                                      RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                               (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                              (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

43.1 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

       For assets and liabilities that are measured in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring
       basis, the Company determines whether transfers have been made between hierarchy levels by
       reassessing the classification (based on the lowest input level that is significant for the overall
       measurement) at the end of each reporting period.

       The Group is exposed to risks as a result of using financial instruments. The following explains the
       Company’s objectives, policies and operations to manage these risks and methods used to measure
       them in addition to quantitative information related to these risks in the accompanying financial
       statements.

       There were no significant changes that may expose the Company to financial instrument risks
       through its objectives, policies and operations to manage these risks and methods used that are
       different from what have been used in prior years unless otherwise indicated.

        •    The Company’s management considers the fair value for trade receivables, Islamic financing
             facilities, balances of related parties, trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities
             that approximate to their carrying amount due to short term financial instruments.

        •    Financial instruments are exposed to change in value risk as a result of changes in
             commission rates of the financial assets and liabilities with variable commission.

       The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial
       liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy. It does not include fair value
       information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying
       amount is a reasonable approximate of fair value.

                                       Carrying amount                                                             Fair value
                                        Investments at
                                           fair value
                                         through other
                          Hedging       comprehensive
                        instruments         income                  Total         Level 1            Level 2        Level 3         Total
31 December 2023                                                       In Saudi Riyals
Financial Assets
Derivative financial
instruments              10,802,262                      -      10,802,262                  -       10,802,262                -   10,802,262
Investments at fair
value through other
comprehensive
income                            -            17,293,564       17,293,564                  -                  -              -             -

Financial liabilities
Derivative financial
instruments                 894,858                      -          894,858                 -         894,858                 -     894,858

31 December 2022
Financial assets
Derivative financial
instruments               2,873,118                      -         2,873,118                -        2,873,118                -    2,873,118
Investments at fair
value through other
comprehensive
income                            -            23,503,554       23,503,554        22,233,314                   -    1,270,240     23,503,554

Financial liabilities
Derivative financial
instruments               9,388,071                      -         9,388,071                -        9,388,071                -    9,388,071

                                                              47
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

43.1 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     Valuation technique and significant unobservable inputs

     The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring Level 2 and Level 3 fair
     values, as well as significant unobservable input used.

     Financial instruments measured at fair value

                                                                                                Inter-relationship
                                                                                                between        significant
                                                                        Significant             unobservable       inputs
                                                                        unobservable            and       fair       value
 Type                Valuation approach                                 inputs                  measurement

 Derivative
 financial           Broker quotes                                      Not applicable          Not applicable
 instruments
 Investments    at   The average assessment weight for each             Weighted                The estimated fair value
 fair        value   is as follows:                                     average cost of         would increase/
 through     other   - Discounted cash flows: The valuation             capital                 (decrease) if the weighted
 comprehensive          model considers the present value of            (“WACC”)                average cost of capital is
 income                 the net cash flows expected to be               28.9%                   (lower)/ higher.
                        generated by the Company. The cash
                        flow projections include estimates for
                        5 years weighted at 80%; and
                     - - Price-to-book value (P/B),
                        Comparable (Similar companies)

43.2 Financial Instruments Risk Management

     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, the most important of which are the
     risks listed below:

     •   Credit risk
     •   Liquidity risk
     •   Market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity risk)

     This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each of the above risks, Group's
     objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk and the Group’s management
     of capital, in addition to the quantitative disclosures included in these consolidated financial
     statements.

     Risk management framework
     The Board of Directors is full responsible for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk
     management framework. The board of directors has established a Risk Management Committee,
     which is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies. The
     committee will report regularly to the board of directors on its activities.

     The Group’s current risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks
     faced by the Group, so as to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and abide
     by limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in
     market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and establishment of
     standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in
     which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
                                                     48
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)


43    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

43.2 Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)

      The audit committee of the Group oversees how management monitors compliance with the
      Company’s risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk
      management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The internal audit provide
      assistance to the audit committee of the Group in its control role. Internal audit undertakes both
      regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which will
      be reported to the audit committee.

      Credit Risk
      Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial
      instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s trade
      receivables and cash at banks. The Group’s significant credit risks are represented in the following:

      Trade Receivables
      The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
      customer. However, management takes into account the demographics of the Group's customer
      base, including the default risks for the industry and the country in which customers operate, as
      these factors may have an impact on credit risk, especially in current economic conditions.
      Geographically, there is no concentration of credit risk.

      The Group only transacts with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy
      that all customers who wish to transact on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures.
      Credit quality of the customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard. In
      addition, the receivables balances are continuously monitored, resulting in the Group being
      exposed to bad debts is not material.
      Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy,
      procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Credit limits are established
      for all customers using internal and external rating criteria. Credit quality of the customer is
      assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard. Outstanding customer receivables are
      monitored regularly.

      The Group establishes a provision for trade receivables impairment that represents its estimate of
      lifetime expected credit losses on trade receivables. The main components of this provision are a
      specific loss component that relates to significant exposures.
      Individually, and other is collective loss component established for groups of similar assets in
      respect of losses that have been incurred but not yet identified. The collective loss provision is
      determined based on historical data of payment statistics for similar financial assets.
      The other categories of financial events do not result in significant credit risk.

      The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.

                                         31 December 2023                               31 December 2022
                                      Balance      Impairment                        Balance       Impairment

     Less than 3 months              1,253,990,524           14,195,075            1,242,288,614     11,208,818
     More than 3 months and                                                           70,318,548      4,718,012
     less than 6 months                 58,457,513           15,454,855
     More than 6 months and                                                             8,904,985     5,057,215
     less than one year                 46,443,219           24,136,007
     Greater than one year              34,653,835           34,653,835               24,541,538     24,541,538
     Total                           1,393,545,091           88,439,772            1,346,053,685     45,525,583

                                                          49
                                  RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                               (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                            (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43-   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Credit Risk (Continued)

      Trade Receivables (Continued)

      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach of IFRS 9 to measure expected
      credit losses, which are used specifically for the expected credit losses for all financial assets
      measured at amortized cost.

      The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the following variables:

      - Probability of default using a statistical model (i.e. normal distribution curve)
      - GDP of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the rate of inflation and Saudi government spending, as
        variables of the macroeconomic, to calibrate the historical loss rate.

      For cash at banks, cash and cash equivalents are deposited with banks with a credit rating of BBB-
      and higher. The Group regularly updates its cash flows. Customer credit risk is managed by each
      business unit subject to the Company’s established policy, procedures and control relating to
      customer credit risk management. Credit limits are established for all customers using internal and
      external rating criteria.

      Outstanding customer receivables are monitored regularly.
      Liquidity risk
      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations
      associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.
      The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have
      sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stress conditions, without
      incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.
      The Group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses,
      including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme
      circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. Furthermore, the
      Group maintains various credit alternatives.

      The table below summarizes the maturity terms of the Company’s financial liabilities based on
      contractual undiscounted payments:

                                                     Less than 1                              Over 5        Carrying
      31 December 2023                                   year             1-5 years           years         amount
      Short-term Islamic finance facilities            722,123,178                    -                -     722,123,178
      Trade payables                                   185,004,296                    -                -     185,004,296
      Suppliers facilities- banks                    1,009,501,174                    -                -   1,009,501,174
      Lease liabilities                                  1,530,679         8,147,248                   -       8,488,659
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities           113,484,849                 -                   -     113,484,849
                                                     2,031,644,176         8,147,248                   -   2,038,602,156

                                                                                              Over 5        Carrying
      31 December 2022                              Less than 1 year      1-5 years           years          amount
      Short-term Islamic finance facilities           1,468,005,000                 -     -                1,468,005,000
      Trade payables                                    222,934,612                 -     -                  222,934,612
      Suppliers facilities- banks                       321,611,935                 -     -                  321,611,935
      Lease liabilities                                    1,530,679        9,677,927     -                    9,703,410
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities             96,334,298                 -     -                   96,334,298
                                                      2,243,929,780         9,677,927     -                2,118,589,255
                                                            50
                               RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                          (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                             Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                         (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.2 Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)
     Suppliers facilities- banks
     The Group entered into an agreement (suppliers financing arrangements) with SABB Bank to
     obtain payment facilities for suppliers, and the total facility agreement concluded with the bank
     amounted to SR 1.5 billion, of which SR 1 billion was utilized for one of the suppliers up to 31
     December 2023.

     Market risk
     Market risk is the risk that potentially affect changes in market prices such as currency rates,
     interest rates and equity prices.

     The operations of some subsidiaries outside the Kingdom are exposed to additional risks
     represented by significant changes in currency rates, which may affect the Group’s income or the
     value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to
     manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable standards, while optimizing the return.
     The Group enters into financial derivatives contracts to manage market risks. All these transactions
     are carried out within the guidelines set by the Board of Directors.
     The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales, purchases and borrowings that are denominated in
     a currency other than the respective functional currencies of Group, which is primarily Saudi
     Riyals.
     In respect of other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, the Group
     ensures that its net exposure is maintained to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign
     currencies at spot rates when necessary to address short-term imbalances.
     The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group to a reasonably possible change in
     the Saudi Riyals against USD, Euro, and EGP by 5% higher or lower with all other variables held
     constant, of the Group's monetary assets and liabilities. There were no changes in other currency
     exchange rates as of 31 December 2023.
                                                                       Profit/(loss)     Profit/(loss)
                                             Profit/(loss) through through statement through statement
                                            statement of profit or   of profit or loss of profit or loss
                                                loss and other          and other         and other
                                               comprehensive         comprehensive     comprehensive
                                             income for the year  income for the year  income for the
                                             ended 31 December          ended 31        year ended 31
                                                      2023           December 2023     December 2023
                                                                   USD sensitivity in Euro sensitivity in
                                            EGY sensitivity in SR          SR                SR
     Increase by 5%                                       795,670         (35,352,350)         (171,291)
     Decrease by 5%                                     (795,670)           35,352,350           171,291

                                                                             Profit/(loss)     Profit/(loss)
                                                                         through statement through statement
                                             Profit/(loss) through         of profit or loss of profit or loss
                                            statement of profit or            and other         and other
                                                loss and other             comprehensive     comprehensive
                                           comprehensive income         income for the year  income for the
                                            for the year ended 31             ended 31        year ended 31
                                               December 2022               December 2022     December 2022
                                                                         USD sensitivity in Euro sensitivity in
                                           EGY sensitivity in SR                 SR                SR
     Increase by 5%                                      909,467                (25,874,335)          (178,604)
     Decrease by 5%                                    (909,467)                  25,874,335            178,604

                                                         51
                                  RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                              (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                            (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.2 Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)
     The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting year, in SR, is as follows:
                                       2023                                                              2022
                                                                                                                           Short-term
                                                       Credit                                                                  credit
                                                                               Trade           Trade         Cash and cash
                Trade           Trade   Cash and cash facilities                                                             facilities
                                                                            receivables       payables        equivalents
              Receivables      payables  equivalents Short-term

     USD          59,491,420   865,174,608      98,636,189             -      147,375,885     467,374,268         12,436,685   209,925,000
     Euro                  -     3,600,267        174,449              -                  -     4,171,042           598,968               -
     BD           18,517,926             -            359              -       12,280,334                -          533,582               -
     KWD          45,318,355     3,737,041        773,478              -       45,300,410       3,383,785          4,303,371              -
     AED         433,553,462     5,183,519      13,786,728             -      646,250,982       5,991,044         14,168,337              -
     EGP           6,340,195       751,839      10,325,042             -        5,650,795       1,194,114         13,732,652              -
     Other        57,144,887        94,611      14,034,001             -         736,129                 -          816,911               -



     Interest Rate Risk
     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will
     fluctuate, because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure to the risk of changes
     in market interest rates relates primarily to loans with floating interest rate.

     To reduce volatility and increase predictability of interest expenses, the Group may use debt
     issuance or enter into simple financial derivatives such as interest rate swaps.

     The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in the interest rate market mainly due to loans. Loans
     at variable rates expose the Group to a change in cash flows as a result of changes in interest rates.

     The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in interest rates is as follows:

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2023               2022
     Loans with variable interest rate                                           722,123,178        1,468,005,000

     Interest rate sensitivity
     A reasonably possible change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have
     increased (decreased) profits or losses by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all
     other variables, especially the foreign exchange rate, remain constant.

                                                                                   Statement of profit or loss
     31 December 2023                                                         Increase by 100       Decrease 100
                                                                                   points                Points
     Loans with variable interest rate                                                7,221,232                   (7,221,232)
     Suppliers facilities- banks                                                     10,095,012                  (10,095,012)
     Change in cash flows                                                            17,316,244                  (17,316,244)

                                                                                   Statement of profit or loss
     31 December 2022                                                         Increase by 100       Decrease 100
                                                                                   points                Points

     Loans with variable interest rate                                                 14,680,050                  (14,680,050)
     Suppliers facilities- banks                                                        3,216,119                   (3,216,119)
     Change in cash flows                                                            17,896,169                  (17,896,169)
                                                             52
                                RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                           (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                          (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

43   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
43.2 Financial Instruments Risk Management (continued)
     Commodity risk
     The Group is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations on the prices of various inputs to
     production including aluminum and copper. The Group manages some key elements of commodity
     price risk through the use of fixed-price forward contracts.

44   CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
     Risk Management
     Capital is equity attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective to the
     Group’s capital management is to support its business and maximize shareholder value.

     The policy of the Board of Directors is to maintain a strong capital base to maintain investor,
     creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the Company. The Group
     manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of change in economic
     conditions.

     The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital, which the Group defines as result from
     operating activities divided by adjusted total equity. The Board of Directors also monitors the level
     of dividends to shareholders. There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital
     management during the year.

     Neither the Group nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.
     The Group’s debt to adjusted capital ratio at the end of the reporting year was as follows:

                                                                                            2023           2022

     Total liabilities                                                           2,584,730,610     2,503,340,219
     Less: cash and cash equivalents                                             (150,051,628)     (107,119,942)
     Net debt                                                                    2,434,678,982     2,396,220,277
     Total equity                                                                2,246,198,458     2,120,542,700
     Debt to equity ratio                                                                  108%           113%

45   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
     Capital commitments
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group has commitments of SR 170 million (31 December 2022: SR
     55 million) relating to capital expenditures for expansion works in the Group's factories.

     Legal claim contingency
     The Group faces, in its ordinary course of business, lawsuits, which are under litigation. While the
     ultimate results of these matters cannot be determined with certainty, the Group’s management and
     its legal advisor does not expect that they will have a material effect on the consolidated financial
     statements of the Group.

     Contingent liabilities

     The contingent liabilities amounted to SR 798.5 million (31 December 2022: SR 566 million)
     against bank facilities in the form of letters of credit and letters of guarantee obtained by the Group
     from several local banks against a commission for granting facilities without any bank cover.




                                                          53
                              RIYADH CABLES GROUP COMPANY
                                         (A Saudi Joint Stock Company)
                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (All amounts are expressed in Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated)

46   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
     On 25 Shaaban,1445H (corresponding to March 6, 2024), the company`s Board of Directors held
     and and decided to recommend to the general assembly the distribution of cash dividends to the
     shareholders for the second half of the year 2023 by an amount of SR 149.7m at SR 1.50 per share.

47   APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been approved by the Board of Directors
     on 25 Sha’aban 1445H (corresponding to 6 March 2024).




                                                        54
